<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>19970109_10-Q_edgar_data_833226_0000950134-97-000112_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>42386</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>21829</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>352</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>7</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950134-97-000112.hdr.sgml : 19970110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-97-000112
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19961130
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970109
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHAPARRAL STEEL CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000833226
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES  ROLLING MILLS (COKE OVENS) [3312]
		IRS NUMBER:				751424624
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09944
		FILM NUMBER:		97503318

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 WARD RD
		CITY:			MIDLOTHIAN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2147758241

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 WARD RD
		CITY:			MIDLOTHIAN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76065

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CV/AshKlEBTBlX8wx9UsMzACFJfbQ0rSdT4HlSoJtyAZ5KbRCQsyx0lATDjWXJ4A
 K1TtQbA4Z9WPMtdPjfAFMg==

 0000950134-97-000112.txt : 19970110

10-Q
 1
 FORM 10-Q FOR QUARTER ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1996

1

UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-Q

              X   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                     FOR THE PERIOD ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1996

                                       OR

               TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                COMMISSION FILE
                                   NO. 1-9944

CHAPARRAL STEEL COMPANY

Incorporated in
                               STATE OF DELAWARE

                          IRS Employer Identification
                                 NO. 75-1424624

                                 300 WARD ROAD
                            MIDLOTHIAN, TEXAS 76065

                           Telephone: (972) 775-8241

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the
Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes X  No ____.

28,368,400 Shares of Common Stock, Par Value $.10 Outstanding at January 8,
1997.

1 of 13

    2

                                     INDEX

                            CHAPARRAL STEEL COMPANY

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                                        Page
- -----------------------------                                                        ----
                                                                                     
Item 1.  Financial Statements (Unaudited)

             Condensed consolidated balance sheets--November 30,
               1996 and May 31, 1996                                                  3

             Condensed consolidated statements of income--three and six
               months ended November 30, 1996 and 1995                                4

             Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows
               --six months ended November 30, 1996 and 1995                          5

             Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements
               --November 30, 1996                                                    6

             Independent accountants' review report                                   8

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
           Condition and Results of Operations                                        9

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION
- ---------------------------

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                          11

Item 6.  Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K                                             11

SIGNATURES                                                                            11
- ----------                                                                                      

2

    3
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

CHAPARRAL STEEL COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

3

    4

(Unaudited)
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

CHAPARRAL STEEL COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.

4
    5

(Unaudited)

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

CHAPARRAL STEEL COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.

5

6

(Unaudited)

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CHAPARRAL STEEL COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

November 30, 1996

NOTE A - Basis of Presentation

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of
Chaparral Steel Company and Subsidiaries (the "Company") have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial
information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q.  Accordingly, they do not
include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted
accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of
management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals)
considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  Operating
results for the six month period ended November 30, 1996 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending May 31,
1997. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements
and footnotes thereto included in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for
the year ended May 31, 1996.

NOTE B - Earnings Per Share

Texas Industries, Inc.  ("TXI") owned 100% of the Company from November 1985,
when it acquired the remaining 50% of the outstanding securities of the Company
from Co-Steel Inc. ("Co-Steel"), until July 1988, when approximately 19.8% of
the outstanding securities were sold in an initial public offering of common
stock by the Company.  Under terms of the purchase agreement between TXI and
Co-Steel, TXI made a $42 million initial cash payment and made a $73 million
final payment in August 1990.

The acquisition by TXI has been accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.  The $115 million total purchase price exceeded the value of
acquired assets by $83 million and the excess was recorded as goodwill and
additional paid- in-capital. During May 1995, the Company recorded a $9.4
million adjustment to the original amount of goodwill.  The amount of goodwill,
net of accumulated amortization included in other assets was $58.2 million,
$59.2 million and $61.2 million at November 30, 1996, May 31, 1996 and 1995,
respectively. This goodwill is being amortized over 40 years using the
straight-line method and reduced earnings by $.5 million and $1.0 million in
the three and six months ended November 30, 1996 and 1995, respectively.
Management reviews the remaining goodwill with consideration toward recovery
through future operating results (undiscounted) at the current rate of
amortization.

Net income per common share is calculated based upon a weighted average shares
outstanding.

NOTE C - Income Tax Provision

The provision for income taxes has been calculated on the basis of an estimated
annual rate.  The current year effective tax rates declined from the prior year
due to a decrease in the state tax provision.  Goodwill amortization
contributed to the difference between provision amounts and income tax amounts
computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rates.

6

    7

NOTE D - Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (last-in, first-out) or market,
except rolls which are stated at cost (specific identification) and supplies
which are stated at average cost.

NOTE E - Commissioning Costs

The Company's policy for new facilities is to capitalize certain costs until
the facility is substantially complete and ready for its intended use.  The
large beam mill was substantially complete and ready for its intended use in
the third quarter of fiscal 1992 with a total of $15.1 million of costs
deferred, including $4.4 million of interest and $3.4 million of depreciation.
The amounts of commissioning costs (net of amortization) were $.5 million and
$2 million at November 30, 1996 and May 31, 1996, respectively.  Amortization
of $1.5 million was recorded in the first six months of fiscal 1997 and 1996,
respectively, based on a five year period.

NOTE F - Contingencies

The Company and subsidiaries are defendants in lawsuits which arose in the
normal course of business. In management's judgment (based on the opinion of
counsel) the ultimate liability, if any, from such legal proceedings will not
have a material effect on the Company's financial position.

The Company is subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and
regulations concerning, among other matters, air emission, furnace dust
disposal and wastewater discharge.  The Company believes it is in substantial
compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations.  Notwithstanding
such compliance, if damage to persons or property or contamination of the
environment has been or is caused by the conduct of the Company's business or
by hazardous substances or wastes used in, generated or disposed of by the
Company, the Company could be held liable for such damages and be required to
pay the cost of investigation and remediation of such contamination.  The
amount of such liability could be material.  Changes in federal, state or local
laws, regulations or requirements or discovery of unknown conditions could
require additional expenditures by the Company.

NOTE G - New Accounting Pronouncements

The adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121,
"Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets
To Be Disposed Of", effective June 1, 1996, had no effect on the financial
statements of the Company.  The Company has elected to  continue utilizing the
accounting for stock issued to directors and employees prescribed by APB No.
25, and therefore, the required adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation", is expected to
have no effect on the financial position or results of operations of the
Company.

7

    8

EXHIBIT A

Independent Accountants' Review Report

Board of Directors
Chaparral Steel Company

We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet of
Chaparral Steel Company and subsidiaries as of November 30, 1996, and the
related condensed consolidated statements of income for the three month and six
month periods ended November 30, 1996 and November 30, 1995, and the condensed
consolidated statements of cash flows for the six month periods ended November
30, 1996 and November 30, 1995.  These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management.

We conducted our reviews in accordance with standards established by the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.  A review of interim
financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures to
financial data and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and
accounting matters.  It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted
in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, which will be
performed for the full year with the objective of expressing an opinion
regarding the financial statements taken as a whole.  Accordingly, we do not
express such an opinion.

Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that
should be made to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements
referred to above for them to be in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.

We have previously audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards, the consolidated balance sheet of Chaparral Steel Company as of May
31, 1996, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein), and in
our report dated July 12, 1996, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those
consolidated financial statements.  In our opinion, the information set forth
in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of May 31, 1996, is
fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated
balance sheet from which it has been derived.

Ernst & Young  LLP
Dallas, Texas
December 19, 1996

8

    9

               MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                      CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                                  (Unaudited)

Comparison of operations and financial condition for the three and six months
ended November 30, 1996 to the three and six months ended November 30, 1995.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

A 28,000 ton decrease in shipments resulted in an $11.4 million decrease in net
sales in the three month period ended November 30, 1996 compared to the same
quarter in the prior year. Net sales were virtually unchanged at $293.2 million
in the six month period ended November 30, 1996 as average selling price and
shipments were comparable to those in the prior year.  Although structural
shipments decline by 14% from the November 1995 quarter, U.S. nonresidential
construction activity remains consistent with a relatively stable and
satisfactory level of demand.  However, construction volume is generally
dependent on the health of the economy and changes in interest rates.
Shipments of bar products rebounded in the November 1996 quarter due to
increased demand from fabricators.

Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) decreased $7.9
million to $113.5 million for the three month period ended November 30, 1996
compared to the same period in the prior year.  The decrease was predominately
caused by the decrease in shipments of 28,000 tons. Cost of sales decreased
$1.1 million to $232.4 million for the six month period ended November 30, 1996
compared to the same period in the prior year due primarily to a 3,000 ton
decrease in shipments offset by slightly higher scrap costs.  Scrap prices are
expected to follow their seasonal pattern of moving slightly upward during the
winter but are expected to moderate in the spring.

Depreciation expense increased from the prior year periods due to increased
levels of capital spending.  Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the property.  Amortization of
goodwill and commissioning costs were unchanged from the levels in the prior
year.

Selling, general and administrative expense increased $.5 million and $2.1
million in the three and six month periods ended November 30, 1996 compared to
the prior year periods primarily due to  increases in employee incentive
programs which are based on profitability.

Interest expense decreased $.4 million and $.9 million in the three and six
month periods ended November 30, 1996 compared to the same periods in the prior
year.  Interest expense in the current periods was reduced by repayments of
long-term debt which is principally at fixed rates.

The provision for income taxes has been calculated on the basis of an estimated
annual rate.  The current year effective tax rates declined from the prior year
due to a decrease in the state tax provision.  Goodwill amortization
contributed to the difference between provision amounts and income tax amounts
computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rates.

9

    10

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

Working capital increased $10.8 million to an all-time high of $147.5 million
at November 30, 1996. Net income of $16.4 million provided additional working
capital in the first six months of fiscal 1997.  Accounts receivable increased
$8.8 million from the prior fiscal year-end due to changes in the Company's
discount policy.  Inventories increased $13.7 million due to record production
in the melt shop and reduced shipments in the November 1996 quarter as steel
service centers decreased their inventories.  Accounts payable decreased $4.3
million to a more normal level of $29.8 million at November 30, 1996.  Other
accrued expenses increased $9 million to $23.4 million due to increases in
accruals for income and property taxes.  The other components of working
capital were virtually unchanged from the previous fiscal year-end.  Net cash
provided by operating activities in the six months ended November 30, 1996
decreased by $10.9 million due primarily to the change in net cash provided by
accounts receivable and inventories described above.  As a result, cash and
cash equivalents decreased $10.7 million from the previous fiscal year-end
after the Company bought $17.3 million of capital additions, purchased $3.8
million of treasury stock and paid cash dividends of $2.8 million.

Capital expenditures for the six months ended November 30, 1996 totaled $17.3
million and are estimated to be approximately $40 million in fiscal 1997. The
anticipated spending includes upgrades for the Recycled Products and Bar
Products business units of approximately $20 million.

The Company's capitalization of $371.7 million at November 30, 1996, consisted
of $66.9 million of long-term debt and $304.8 million of stockholders' equity.
The current portion of long-term debt totaled $12.5 million at November 30,
1996.  The Company's average interest rate on long-term debt is 11%.  The
Company's payments of principal and interest are expected to be approximately
$22 million during the next twelve months.

The Company is subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and
regulations concerning, among other matters, waste water effluent, air
emissions and electric arc furnace ("EAF") dust disposal.  From time to time,
the Company is involved in litigation relating to claims arising in the
ordinary course of business operations.   No litigation (based on the opinion
of counsel) is pending against or currently affects the Company, the ultimate
liability of which, if any, would have a material effect on the Company's
financial position or results of operations.  The Company maintains a hazardous
waste liability policy against certain third party claims, which insurance the
Company believes to be adequate in relation to the Company's business.

Effective January 1, 1997, the Company has a short-term credit facility with a
bank totaling $10 million which will expire December 31, 1997 if not renewed by
the banks or the Company. The Company believes that it will be able to renew
this credit facility or negotiate similar arrangements with other financial
institutions if they are deemed necessary.  The Company expects that current
financial resources and anticipated cash provided by operations in fiscal 1997
will be sufficient to provide funds for capital expenditures, meet scheduled
debt payments and satisfy other known working capital needs for fiscal 1997.
If additional funds are required to accomplish long-term expansion of its
productive capabilities, the Company believes that funding can be obtained to
meet such requirements.

10

    11

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION

         Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

    At the Annual Meeting of the Stockholders held October 16, 1996, 
stockholders elected as Directors if the Company, Robert Alpert, John M. Belk,
Gordon E. Forward, Gerald R. Heffernan, Eugenio Clariond Reyes and Robert D.
Rogers, to terms expiring in 1997.  Votes cast to elect the Directors were as
follows:

Item 6. Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K.
    
    The following exhibits are included herein:
    
            (11) Statement re:  Computation of earnings per share
    
            (15) Letter re:  Unaudited interim financial information
    
            (27) Financial Data Schedule
    
    The Registrant did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the three months 
ended November 30, 1996.

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.
                                        CHAPARRAL STEEL COMPANY

January 9, 1997                         /s/ RICHARD M. FOWLER        
- ---------------                         -----------------------------
                                        Richard M. Fowler
                                        Vice President-Finance
                                        and Treasurer

January 9, 1997                         /s/ LARRY L. CLARK           
- ---------------                         -----------------------------
                                        Larry L. Clark
                                        Vice President - Controller
                                        and Assistant Treasurer

11

    12
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT
NUMBER                   DESCRIPTION
- -------                  -----------
             
(11)     Statement re:  Computation of earnings per share

(15)     Letter re:  Unaudited interim financial information

(27)     Financial Data Schedule

<EX-11>
 2
 COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE

1

EXHIBIT 11

                       COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE

                    CHAPARRAL STEEL COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

</EX-11>

<EX-15>
 3
 UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1

                                                                      EXHIBIT 15

Board of Directors
Chaparral Steel Company

We are aware of the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
(Form S-8 No. 33-39626) pertaining to the Chaparral Steel Company Stock Option
Plan of our report dated December 19, 1996, relating to the unaudited condensed
consolidated interim financial statements of Chaparral Steel Company and
subsidiaries which are included in its Form 10- Q for the quarter ended
November 30, 1996.

Pursuant to Rule 436(c) of Securities Act of 1933 our report is not a part of
the Registration Statement prepared or certified by accountants within the
meaning of Section 7 or 11 of the Securities Act of 1933.

Ernst & Young  LLP
Dallas, Texas
January 6, 1997

</EX-15>

<EX-27>
 4
 FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE

</EX-27>

