<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>19970109_10-Q_edgar_data_1013237_0001013237-97-000001_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31655</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>15999</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>205</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>5</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>1</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001013237-97-000001.hdr.sgml : 19970110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013237-97-000001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19961130
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970109
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FACTSET RESEARCH SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001013237
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				133362547
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11869
		FILM NUMBER:		97502915

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE GREENWICH PLAZA
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2038631500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE GREENWICH PLAZA
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Ivft0D1nw5owRhRLXGtltNlGJItnAlWpxNkWqzLPAzYO9xkuK5rr5L88rWr9pdkl
 juuyyxMgVf2c6122p23cPA==

 0001013237-97-000001.txt : 19970110

10-Q
 1
 QUARTERLY REPORT

FORM 10-Q

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

[X]  QUARTERLY  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

For the quarterly period ended:     November 30, 1996

                                       OR

[ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
     THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

For the transition period from ________ to ________

Commission file number 1-11869

                          FACTSET RESEARCH SYSTEMS INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         DELAWARE                                    13-3362547
 (State or other jurisdiction of                  (I.R.S. Employer
  incorporation or organization)                Identification Number)

                               ONE GREENWICH PLAZA
                               GREENWICH, CT 06830
                                 (203) 863-1500
               (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
                      including area code, of registrant's
                          principal executive offices)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 60 days. Yes X - No

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of
common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

Title of each class                        Outstanding at November 30, 1996
- -------------------                        --------------------------------

Common Stock, par value $.01               9,546,328

FACTSET RESEARCH SYSTEMS INC.

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

ITEM 1 - Financial Statements
         Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition
             November 30, 1996 and August 31, 1996...........................  3

         Consolidated Statements of Income
             for the three months ended November 30, 1996 and 1995...........  4

         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
             for the three months ended November 30, 1996 and 1995...........  5

         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements......................  6

Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of
         Results of Operations and Financial Condition.......................  7

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 1 - Legal Proceedings...................................................  9

ITEM 2 - Changes In Securities...............................................  9

ITEM 3 - Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.................  9

ITEM 4 - Other Information...................................................  9

ITEM 5 - Reports on Form 8-K.................................................  9

Signatures...................................................................  9

ITEM 1

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements.

3

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements.

                                                         4

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements.

                                                         5

FactSet Research Systems Inc.
                 Notes To The Consolidated Financial Statements
                                November 30, 1996

1.  Summary of Accounting Principles

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
FactSet Research Systems Inc. ("the Company") and its subsidiaries. All
significant intercompany activity and balances have been eliminated from the
consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements of the Company presented herein have been
prepared pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and do not include all of the information and
note disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles. These
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual
Report and notes thereto for the year ended August 31, 1996. In the opinion of
management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include
all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to
present fairly the consolidated financial position, results of operations and
cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries. Quarterly operating results are
not necessarily indicative of the results which would be expected for the full
year.

The Company adopted SFAS No. 123 -- Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation in
the first quarter of fiscal 1997. SFAS No. 123 encourages (but does not require)
compensation cost to be measured based on the fair value of the stock instrument
awarded. Companies are permitted, however, to continue to apply Accounting
Principles Board Opinion ("APB") No. 25 -- Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees which recognizes compensation cost based on the intrinsic value of the
equity instrument awarded. The Company will continue accounting for stock-based
compensation under APB No. 25 and will disclose the required pro forma effect on
net income and earnings per share from measuring compensation cost based on the
fair value of the stock instruments awarded.

2. Initial Public Offering

On June 28, 1996, the Company completed an initial public offering of 3,593,750
shares of its common stock, which included 468,750 shares granted to the
underwriters upon exercise of their over-allotment option. The shares were sold
by certain stockholders of the Company for gross proceeds of $61,093,750. The
Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the offering. The Company has
agreed to pay certain expenses of the Offering in the amount of $299,059 which
has been recorded against Stockholders' Equity.

6

ITEM 2
               Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of
                       Operations and Financial Condition

Overview

FactSet Research Systems Inc. ("FactSet" or "the Company") is a leading provider
of online integrated database services to the financial community. The Company
combines multiple large-scale databases into a single, coherent mainframe
computer information system accessible from clients' personnel computer
workstations. Simultaneous access to some 70 databases provides clients with a
comprehensive, "one stop" source for financial information, news, and commentary
on more than 20,000 companies worldwide. The Company's advanced, proprietary
software tools enable clients to easily download, manipulate, and analyze data
in a wide array of formats, including custom reports designed by the user.
FactSet markets its services to investment managers, investment banks, and other
financial institutions throughout the United States, Europe, and the Pacific
Rim. At November 30, 1996, 448 clients subscribed to the Company's services and
more than 7,400 individual passwords were in use.

Business Environment

The Company competes in a dynamic and changing industry. Both the content of
online information and the number of channels by which such information is
communicated are growing at a significant rate. The growth of pension assets,
mutual funds, hedge funds, and the proliferation of data-intensive financial
instruments such as derivatives has increased the demand for financial
information. The online industry is highly competitive and such competition is
likely to intensify in the future.

The Company believes that significant ongoing investment has been and will
continue to be critical to the success of FactSet's growth strategy and the
improvement of the Company's already strong competitive industry position.
Specifically, the Company plans to continue to devote significant resources to
the funding of product development, the expansion of its sales and marketing
infrastructure especially internationally, and to the broadening of its customer
support capabilities. Further, high levels of capital spending remain necessary
to maintain FactSet's state-of-the-art computer and communication facilities.

FactSet believes that it has the product offerings, facilities, personnel, and
competitive and financial resources for continued business success. However, as
a result of the foregoing factors, operating income and revenue are likely, in
some future quarters, to be subject to fluctuations. The Company believes,
therefore, that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of its results of operations or
of a single quarter's financial results may not prove meaningful and should not
necessarily be relied upon as an indication of future performance.

FactSet achieved record quarterly net income and earnings per share in the first
quarter of fiscal 1997. Net Income increased 34% to $1.96 million from $1.46
million for the comparable quarter a year earlier. Earnings per share increased
29% to $0.18, up from $0.14 for the first quarter of fiscal 1996. This favorable
change in earnings reflects increased revenue from new and existing clients with
proportionally lower operating expenses primarily related to employee
compensation, communication costs, and clearing fees.

                                                         7

Subscription revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 1997 totaled $12.8 million,
up 27% from $10.1 million for the comparable quarter a year ago. Client
additions, new databases, services and passwords drove this revenue growth
without price increases of any kind. The number of clients increased 16% to 448
from 387 at November 30, 1996. Databases added included several global index
benchmarks, Toyo Keizai (Japanese fundamentals), I/B/E/S Detail (individual
analysts' earnings estimates), and Russell (equity portfolio analysis). New
services provided include applications that allow investment bankers to identify
and research target companies all within a spreadsheet, applications for
quantitative analysts, and access to prices 20 minutes after U.S. exchanges
close. Over 7,400 individual passwords were in use at November 30, 1996, up
19% from August 31, 1996. Broadening the global suite of services has pushed the
average revenue commitment per client from $107,000 at November 30, 1995 to
$120,000 per client a year later. (Revenue commitments is not a forecast but
meant to indicate the total revenue to be received over the next 12 months if
all services were frozen in their current configuration.)

During the first quarter of fiscal 1997 there was a continued shift in revenue
mix from commissions on securities transactions toward cash fees. As a
percentage of total revenue, cash fees increased to 53% from 45% a year earlier.
The Company earns the same dollar profit irrespective of whether the client
elects to pay subscription charges in cash or commissions. When a client chooses
to pay in the form of commissions, the dollar amount payable is higher than the
amount payable for the same services on a cash basis to offset the associated
clearing charges paid by the Company.

International sales contributed significantly to FactSet's record quarterly
revenue. Revenue abroad increased to $1.2 million or 9% of total revenue for the
first fiscal quarter of 1997, an increase of 173% from the comparable quarter in
fiscal 1996. This performance reflects the Company's continued investments in
overseas markets through the deployment of sales and client support personnel in
London and Tokyo and database additions providing international fundamentals and
over 20 global indices. FactSet's international client count at November 30,
1996 more than doubled from a year earlier and helped sustain the Company's
annualized client retention rate at over 95%.

Operating expenses for the first quarter of fiscal 1997 totaled $9.5 million, up
21% from $7.8 million for the comparable quarter in fiscal 1996. Employee
compensation, data costs, occupancy, and other expenses were the main drivers of
this increase. Employee compensation rose to $3.8 million from $3.2 million,
primarily due to the net addition of 41 employees, a 37% increase from a year
earlier, which was partially offset by a 50% decrease in compensation to the
Chairman of the Board and to the President. Database additions caused data costs
to increase to $940,000 or 17% from $800,000. Occupancy costs totaled $795,000,
up 48% from $535,000 reflecting increases in space requirements. Other expenses
increased to $640,000 from $350,000 or 82%, primarily a result of increased
professional fees.

Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue for the first quarter of fiscal
1997 decreased to 74% from 77% for the comparable quarter a year earlier.
Employee compensation, clearing fees, and communication costs contributed
significantly to this decrease. Increased sales more than supported the
additional employee compensation. The growing trend of new clients electing to
pay in cash caused clearing fees to remain steady between the first fiscal
quarters of 1996 and 1997. Communication costs savings were realized from vendor
discounts as a result of increased system usage.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

At November 30, 1996, FactSet's portfolio of cash, cash equivalents, and
investments totaled $19.7 million, up $2.6 million or 15% from August 31, 1996.
The Company funded all of its investment needs with cash generated from
operations. Cash provided from operating activities totaled $4.2 million for the
first quarter of fiscal 1997, up 52% from $2.8 million for the comparable
quarter in fiscal 1996, reflecting improvements in earnings and working capital.
Cash used for investing activities totaled $1.5 million during the first three
months of fiscal 1997, attributable to investments in mainframe systems to
expand computing power by more than 40% and significantly increase data storage
capacity and leasehold improvements to the new, appreciably larger London
office. Higher levels of capital spending are likely to be necessary to keep
processing power and speed in line with the Company's expanding client base and
product offerings.

In June 1996, the Internal Revenue Service initiated an audit of the Company's
1993 and 1994 fiscal years. Such audit has not been concluded.

                                                         8

Part II - Other Information

Item 1 -  Legal Proceedings: None

Item 2 -  Changes in Securities: None

Item 3 -  Submission of Matters to a vote of Security Holders: None

Item 4 -  Other Information: None

Item 5 -  Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K: None

FACTSET RESEARCH SYSTEMS INC.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.

FactSet Research Systems Inc.
                                                (Registrant)

Date: January 9, 1997                    /s/ Ernest S. Wong
                                         ------------------------
                                             Ernest S. Wong
                                             Senior Vice President
                                             Chief Financial Officer

9

<EX-27>
 2
 FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE

</EX-27>

