<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>19970331_10-Q_edgar_data_74154_0000950134-97-002523_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>57066</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>21071</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>255</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>21</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>1</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950134-97-002523.hdr.sgml : 19970401
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-97-002523
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19970228
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970331
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONEOK INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000074154
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION [4923]
		IRS NUMBER:				730383100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02572
		FILM NUMBER:		97570813

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 W FIFTH ST
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9185887000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OKLAHOMA NATURAL GAS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19810111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Fg5rFXXCKc7SzKzdZYN8hRdADi+IhbdNGKIQOL64T22BMBFxfd/WrMvUzHJnKyu0
 jd0SNvsWJ855rhM2xkNYMg==

 0000950134-97-002523.txt : 19970401

10-Q
 1
 FORM 10-Q FOR QUARTER ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 1997

1
================================================================================

                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-Q

(Mark One)
     [X]  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the quarterly period ended February 28,
          1997.

                                       OR

     [ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the transition period from     to

Commission file number 1-2572

ONEOK INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE                                                  73-0383100
(State or other jurisdiction of                           (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                            Identification No.)

100 WEST FIFTH STREET, TULSA, OK                          74103
(Address of principal executive offices)                  (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (918) 588-7000

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X   No
                                             ---    ---

On February 28, 1997, the Company had 27,815,783 shares of common stock
outstanding.

================================================================================
    2
                                   ONEOK INC.
                         QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q

3
                         PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                          ONEOK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                                  (Unaudited)

See accompanying notes to consolidated condensed financial statements.

4
                          ONEOK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                     CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS
                                  (Unaudited)

See accompanying notes to consolidated condensed financial statements.

5

ONEOK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                  (Unaudited)

See accompanying notes to consolidated condensed financial statements.

6
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    INTERIM REPORTING. The interim consolidated condensed financial statements
    reflect all adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary
    for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods presented.
    All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. Due to the seasonal
    nature of the business, the results of operations for the three and six
    month periods ended February 28, 1997 are not necessarily indicative of the
    results that may be expected for the year ended August 31, 1997. For
    further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and
    footnotes thereto included in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended
    August 31, 1996.

    RECLASSIFICATION. Certain amounts in the 1996 consolidated condensed
    financial statements have been reclassified to conform with the 1997
    presentation.

B.  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

    During the first quarter of this fiscal year, the Company and Western
    Resources, Inc. (Western) announced a strategic alliance combining the
    natural gas assets of both companies. The agreement provides for the
    Company to own and operate the natural gas assets of Western located in
    Kansas and northeast Oklahoma. In exchange for the assets, Western will
    receive approximately three million shares of common stock and 19 million
    shares of convertible preferred stock making Western the largest
    shareholder of the Company. The preferred stock will be non-voting and
    convertible into common shares only under certain circumstances.
    Additionally, a standstill agreement prevents Western from increasing their
    position in the Company for 15 years and restricts the conditions under
    which Western can vote any common shares received upon conversion of its
    preferred stock.

    Western's gas distribution system serves 660,000 customers. The assets
    include 10,068 miles of pipeline, a Kansas gas processing plant with 15
    million cubic feet per day capacity, a 42 percent interest in a New Mexico
    plant with a 200 million cubic feet per day capacity, and a natural gas
    marketing company with a retail marketing focus. Requests for approval of
    the alliance have been filed with the Oklahoma Corporation Commission and
    the Kansas Corporation Commission. The S-4 Registration Statement is
    expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
    mid-April. Transition teams representing the Company and Western continue
    working toward a 3rd quarter 1997 closing of the transaction.

C.  REGULATORY ASSETS

    The following table is a summary of regulatory assets, net of amortization,
    outstanding at February 28, 1997 and August 31, 1996.

7
D.  SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

    The following table is supplemental information relative to the Company's
    cash flows for the six months ended February 28, 1997 and February 29,
    1996.

In connection with the acquisition of PSEC, Inc. and other oil and gas
    properties, the Company issued common stock of $9.8 million, debt of $9.2
    million and recognized a deferred tax liability of $3.5 million. The
    acquisitions were accounted for as a purchase.

               MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                      CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

A.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    ONEOK Inc. provides natural gas and related products and services to its
    customers through regulated and nonregulated segments. The regulated
    business unit provides natural gas distribution and transmission services
    for about 75 percent of Oklahoma. The nonregulated business unit is
    primarily involved in the marketing, processing and production of natural
    gas and natural gas liquids.

CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS

The Company continues to take steps to strengthen its competitive edge and
position itself to be a leader in the industry. Intensive efforts to acquire
additional gas distribution and transmission facilities to enhance its
operations have resulted in the first quarter announcement of a strategic
alliance to combine the natural gas assets of the Company and Western
Resources, Inc. (Western). Under this alliance, the Company will own and
operate the natural gas assets of Western located in Kansas and northeast
Oklahoma while Western will become the largest equity holder of ONEOK through a
combination of common and convertible preferred stock. A standstill agreement
prevents Western from increasing their position in the Company for 15 years and
restricts the conditions under which Western can vote any common shares
received upon conversion of its preferred stock. Requests for approval of the
alliance have been filed with the Oklahoma Corporation Commission and the
Kansas Corporation Commission. This transaction is anticipated to close by
September 1997 and will also require additional approvals from ONEOK
shareholders and the Securities and Exchange Commission and antitrust clearance
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act.

EARNINGS PER SHARE
                          2ND QUARTER ENDED FEBRUARY

[GRAPH]

Graph indicates 2nd Quarter E.P.S. for Regulated and Nonregulated
    companies. Regulated E.P.S. is $1.13 for 1997 and $1.21 for 1996.
    Nonregulated E.P.S. is $0.27 for 1997 and $0.21 for 1996.

EARNINGS PER SHARE
                           SIX MONTHS ENDED FEBRUARY

[GRAPH]

Graph indicates 2nd Quarter Earnings Per Share for Regulated and
    Nonregulated companies. Regulated E.P.S. is $1.33 for 1997 and $1.44 for
    1996. Nonregulated E.P.S. is $0.51 for 1997 and $0.29 for 1996.

8

REGULATED OPERATIONS

ONEOK's regulated operations are conducted through Oklahoma Natural Gas Company
(ONG), an integrated intrastate natural gas distribution and transmission
business which serves residential, commercial and industrial customers in the
state of Oklahoma. ONG also leases space in its pipeline system under its
Pipeline Capacity Lease (PCL) program to large volume customers for their use
in transporting natural gas to their facilities. ONG is subject to regulatory
oversight by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission (OCC)

GAS SALES VOLUMES/MMcf
                           SIX MONTHS ENDED FEBRUARY

[GRAPH]

Graph shows gas sales volumes for 1997 and 1996 in MMcf. 1997 volumes: PCL
    86,144 MMcf, Commercial 19,999 MMcf, Industrial 7,507 MMcf and Residential
    40,967 MMcf. 1996 volumes were PCL 79,008 MMcf, Commercial 19,609 MMcf,
    Industrial 9,628 MMcf and Residential 41,259 MMcf.

During the second quarter, the Company filed two related applications with the
Oklahoma Corporation Commission (OCC). The first was an application for
approval of a plan to deregulate the transmission, gathering and storage
functions of the regulated operations. If approved, these functions would be
separated into a nonregulated company which would continue to provide services
to the regulated operation on a competitive bid basis. Subsequent phases would
further unbundle services for large industrial and commercial customers
allowing them to separately contract for transmission and storage services. The
second application proposed unbundling the merchant function of the regulated
operations in order to provide its customers with a choice of gas supplier.
Initially, large industrial and
    9

commercial customers would have the opportunity to choose a qualified supplier.
Small industrial and commercial customers and residential customers would be
given that opportunity on May 1, 1998. These applications are in response to
increasing competition in the natural gas industry, as well as to the OCC's
recent decision to go forward with restructuring of the Oklahoma gas utility
industry.

Net revenues decreased from the same periods one year ago although volumes
delivered increased. Operating costs declined from the same periods one year
ago while the number of customers served increased. The reduction in operating
costs is primarily attributable to lower employee benefit costs. Other revenues
increased primarily due to revenues from storage of gas for an affiliate, ONEOK
Gas Marketing Company.

NONREGULATED OPERATIONS

ONEOK's nonregulated operations are involved in the marketing, processing and
production of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids. The gas marketing
subsidiary directs its activities to the mid-continent region of the United
States. The Company's interests in gas liquids extraction plants and its
producing properties are concentrated principally in Oklahoma. The Company also
operates its headquarters office building and a parking garage.

The Company adheres to a prudent risk management strategy of hedging fixed
price or location differential transactions using natural gas futures contracts
or other derivative agreements to offset potential price risk exposure.

Total nonregulated operating income increased for the same period one year ago
primarily as a result of improvements in product prices and natural gas
production.

10

MARKETING

MARKETING GROSS MARGINS / Mcf
                          2ND QUARTER ENDED FEBRUARY

[GRAPH]

Graph shows 2nd Quarter Marketing margins per Mcf. Margins for 1997 were
    $0.11 per Mcf and $0.06 per Mcf for 1996.

MARKETING GROSS MARGINS / Mcf
                           SIX MONTHS ENDED FEBRUARY

[GRAPH]

Graph shows Six Months ended Marketing margins per Mcf. Margins for 1997
    were $0.09 per Mcf and $0.05 per Mcf for 1996.

The Company's gas marketing operation concentrates its efforts on capitalizing
on day to day pricing volatility through the use of gas storage facilities,
hedging and transportation arbitraging. The decrease in gas marketing volumes
and gross margins for the quarter reflects the reduction in base load gas
trading as compared to the same period in the prior year. The Company will
continue to pursue an aggressive marketing strategy using hedging and gas
storage to allow the marketing operation to take advantage of the volatility in
gas prices. The increase in operating costs is due to a nonrecurring expense.

11

PROCESSING

Gas processing volumes and revenue rose over the same periods one year ago
reflecting improved market conditions for natural gas liquids (NGL). Product
prices and processing margins continued at the highest level in recent times.
Significant increases in fuel and shrink costs were minimized through hedging.

PRODUCTION

Gas production volumes increased over the same periods one year ago reflecting
the effects of gas reserves acquired in the latter part of fiscal 1996 and
operational changes and efficiencies. The increase in the average price of gas
and oil is attributable to general market conditions and an aggressive
marketing campaign conducted through the Company's gas marketing segment.
Operating efficiencies also resulted in a decline of the operating cost per
equivalent Mcf.

The Company completed the acquisition of PSEC, Inc. an independent oil and gas
producing company in February 1997. The transaction included 180 wells with
proven reserves of 20 Bcf of natural gas and 167,000 barrels of oil
concentrated in three counties in Oklahoma. Also included in the acquisition
was PSPC, Ltd., which operates and holds a 42 percent interest in the Sycamore
Gas Gathering System. The $25 million acquisition was made with a combination
of cash, notes payable and ONEOK common stock, and is in keeping with the
Company's objective to acquire quality producing properties in its core areas.

12
FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY AND LIQUIDITY

Prior to closing its strategic alliance with Western Resources, the Company's
goals are to continue to maintain an equity to capital ratio, including
short-term debt, of approximately 50 percent and to preserve or improve its
current debt ratings. At February 28, 1997, the equity component was 54
percent, which increased from 51 percent at August 31, 1996. Debt ratings are
A3 by Moody's Investors Service and A- by Standard & Poor's Corporation. The
Company's long-term debt represents 41 percent of total capital at February 28,
1997.

Cash provided by operating activities remains strong and continues as the
primary source for meeting cash requirements. However, due to seasonal
fluctuations and additional capital requirements, the Company periodically
accesses funds through short-term credit agreements and, if necessary, through
long-term borrowings.

OPERATING CASH FLOWS

Operating cash flows for the six months ended February 28, 1997, as compared to
the same period in 1996 are higher due to increased earnings and lower net
invested working capital.

INVESTING CASH FLOWS

Capital expenditures for the six months ended February 28, 1997 and February
29, 1996 are as follows.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
                           SIX MONTHS ENDED FEBRUARY

[GRAPH]

Graph shows Capital expenditures for Regulated and Nonregulated companies
    for 1997 and 1996. Capital expenditures for regulated companies were $22.7
    million in 1997 and $21.2 million in 1996. Nonregulated capital
    expenditures were $37.6 million in 1997 and $5.6 million in 1996.

In connection with the acquisition of PSEC, Inc. and other oil and gas
properties, the Company issued common stock of $9.8 million, debt of $9.2
million and recognized a deferred tax liability of $3.5 million. The
acquisitions were accounted for as a purchase.

FINANCING CASH FLOW

At February 28, 1997, $361 million of long-term debt was outstanding. As of
that date, the Company could have issued $315 million of additional long-term
debt under the most restrictive provisions contained in its various borrowing
agreements.

The Company believes that internally generated funds and access to financial
markets will be sufficient to meet its debt service, dividend requirements, and
capital expenditures. However, if certain events occur, such as significant
acquisitions, additional debt or equity financing may be required.

13
LIQUIDITY

The regulated segment continues to face competitive pressure to serve the
substantial market represented by its large volume customers. The loss of a
substantial portion of that load, without recoupment of the revenues from that
loss, could have a materially adverse effect on the Company's financial
condition. However, rate restructuring achieved in the June 1995 rate order
reduced the Company's risk in serving its large volume customers.

OTHER

PRICE RISK MANAGEMENT. Commodity futures contracts and swaps are periodically
used in the production, gas processing, and marketing operations to hedge the
impact of price fluctuations. Natural gas futures contracts require the Company
to buy or sell natural gas at a fixed price. Swap agreements are non-exchange
trades between parties whereby one party pays a fixed price and the other a
floating price. Swaps allow for the creation of customized transactions. The
Company's production operation periodically uses commodity futures contracts
and swaps to hedge the impact of oil and natural gas price fluctuations. The
Company's gas processing operation uses futures to hedge the price of gas used
in the natural gas liquid extraction process. The gas marketing operation uses
futures and swaps to lock in margins on preexisting purchase or sale
commitments for physical quantities of natural gas. The Company adheres to
policies and procedures which limit its exposure to market risk from open
positions and monitors daily its exposure to market risk. Gains and losses on
commodity futures contracts and swaps are recognized when the related physical
gas purchases or sales transactions are recognized. At February 28, 1997, the
net deferred gain on these contracts was approximately $2.2 million.

14
                          PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

OCTAGON RESOURCES, INC. V. OKLAHOMA NATURAL GAS COMPANY, No. CJ-96-2328-L, in
the District Court of Cleveland County, Oklahoma. The plaintiff brought this
action against the Company for the alleged breach of a gas purchase agreement
seeking to recover actual damages in excess of $10,000 and punitive damages in
excess of $10,000. The plaintiff has also asserted claims for fraud and deceit
and for declaratory relief to determine the rights and obligations of the
parties under the agreement. The Company has filed an answer denying the claims
of the plaintiff and has asserted a counterclaim seeking to recover damages
from the plaintiff for its repudiation of the gas purchase agreement. The case
is now in discovery.

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) Exhibits

    None

(b) Reports

    None

    No financial statements were filed with the Form 8-K.

15
                                   SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 31st day of
March, 1997.

                                        ONEOK Inc.
                                        Registrant

                                        By:  /s/ J. D. NEAL
                                           ------------------------------------
                                            J. D. Neal
                                            Vice President, Chief Financial
                                            Officer, and Treasurer (Principal
                                            Financial and Accounting Officer)

    16
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS

SEQUENTIALLY
EXHIBIT                                                              NUMBERED
NUMBER                   EXHIBIT                                       PAGE
- -------                  -------                                    -----------
                                                                 
Ex 27          -  Financial Data Schedule

<EX-27>
 2
 FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE

</EX-27>

