<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>19970331_10-Q_edgar_data_225261_0000912057-97-011160_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>51611</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>31089</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>280</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000912057-97-011160.hdr.sgml : 19970401
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-97-011160
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19970301
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970331
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DMI FURNITURE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000225261
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WOOD HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, (NO UPHOLSTERED) [2511]
		IRS NUMBER:				410678467
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-04173
		FILM NUMBER:		97569218

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE OXMOOR PL
		STREET 2:		101 BULLITT LN
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40222
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5024264351

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE OXMOOR PLACE
		STREET 2:		101 BULLITT LANE
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DOLLY MADISON INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MADISON DOLLY INDUSTRIES INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 H50dyeqq9jayx5XWCY7yVq3zcy8CoyFotpg7g2V6Qtnj+iTQq0P7rZKAkRm71haf
 rPyICygtijqqHMjz75V3xQ==

 0000912057-97-011160.txt : 19970401

10-Q
 1
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C.  20549

                                   FORM 10-Q

          Quarterly Report Under Section 13 or 15 (d) of The Securities 
                             Exchange Act of 1934

                   FOR THE FISCAL QUARTER ENDED MARCH 1, 1997

                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-4173

                             DMI FURNITURE, INC.
                             -------------------
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE                            41-0678467 
                --------                            ----------
        (State of incorporation)              (IRS employer ID number)

        One Oxmoor Place, 101 Bullitt Lane, Louisville, Kentucky 40222
        --------------------------------------------------------------
                   (Address of principal executive offices)    

        Registrant's telephone number with area code:   (502) 426-4351
                                                        --------------

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required  to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 during  the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was  required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes   X          No          
                                                     -----           -----

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant's classes 
of  Common Stock as of the last practicable date.

CLASS - Common Stock, Par Value $.10 per Share

OUTSTANDING AT MARCH 1, 1997 - 3,106,083

                                       1

INDEX

Part I. Financial Information                                            Page
                                                                        ------

     Consolidated Balance Sheets - March 1, 1997 
      and August 31, 1996                                                3, 4

     Consolidated Statements of Operations - Three and Six 
      Months Ended March 1, 1997 and March 2, 1996                          5

     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Six Months
      Ended March 1, 1997 and March 2, 1996                              6, 7

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                          8-11

     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
      Condition and Results of Operations                               12-14

Part II. Other Information                                              15-17

Index to Exhibits

     11.  Calculations of Earnings Per Share                               18

     27.  Financial Data Schedule                                          19

                                       2

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                              DMI FURNITURE, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                            (Amounts in thousands)

See accompanying notes.

                                      3

DMI FURNITURE, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                 (Continued)
                            (Amounts in thousands)

See accompanying notes.

                                       4

DMI FURNITURE, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                            (Amounts in thousands)

                                  (Unaudited)

See accompanying notes.

                                       5

DMI FURNITURE, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                            (Amounts in thousands)
                                 (Unaudited)

See accompanying notes.

                                       6

DMI FURNITURE, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                 (continued)
                            (Amounts in thousands)
                                 (Unaudited)

See accompanying notes.

                                       7

DMI FURNITURE, INC.

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ORGANIZATION

     The consolidated financial statements include DMI Furniture, Inc. and 
its wholly owned subsidiary, DMI Management, Inc. ("Company").  The financial 
statements included herein at March 1, 1997 and for the three and six months 
ended March 1, 1997 and March 2, 1996 are unaudited but include all  
adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair 
presentation of the results of operations and financial position for the 
periods covered  herein.  These financial statements should be read in 
conjunction with the financial  statements and notes thereto included in the 
Company's latest annual report on Form 10-K.

     The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily an 
indication of the results to be expected for the full 1997 fiscal year. 

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally 
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and 
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial 
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the 
reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

     The specific useful lives of property, plant, and equipment are as 
follows:

          Building and Leasehold Improvements     8 - 35 yrs.
          Machinery and Equipment                 3 - 13 yrs.

(2) INCOME TAXES

Income tax expense (benefit) consisted of the following (in thousands):

                   Three Months Ended                 Six Months Ended
                 Mar. 1,        Mar. 2,            Mar. 1,         Mar. 2,
                  1997           1996               1997            1996
                  ----           ----               ----            ----
Current           $417             $4               $462             $33

Deferred          (150)           (68)               332            (178)
                  ----           ----               ----            ----
Total             $267           $(64)              $794           $(145) 
                  ----           ----               ----            ----
                  ----           ----               ----            ----

                                       8

The provision for income taxes differs from that computed at the federal
statutory corporate tax rate as follows (in thousands):

                         Three Months Ended       Six Months Ended  
                         Mar. 1,     Mar. 2,      Mar. 1,   Mar. 2,     
                          1997        1996         1997      1996 
                          ----        ----         ----      ----
Tax at 34% statutory        
  rate                    $239        $(73)        $711     $(163)   

State income taxes          28           9           83        18     
                          ----        ----         ----      ----
Income Taxes              $267        $(64)        $794     $(145)
                          ----        ----         ----      ----
                          ----        ----         ----      ----

(3) EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE

     Earnings per common share are based on the weighted average number of 
common  and common equivalent shares outstanding during the period, and 
assumes the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock into common stock.  
For the  three and six month periods ending March 2, 1996, since the effect 
of the assumption of the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock into 
common stock and the assumed exercise of stock options would be 
anti-dilutive, those common equivalent shares were not included in the 
calculation of earnings per common share.  See Exhibit 11 for more 
information.

(4) INVENTORIES  

     Inventories were comprised of the following at March 1, 1997 and August 
31,  1996:

                                  March 1, 1997      August 31,1996
                                  -------------      --------------

    Finished Products                $5,703,000          $4,794,000 
    Work in Process                     521,000             521,000 
    Raw Materials                     4,210,000           4,538,000
                                    -----------          ----------
                                    $10,434,000          $9,853,000
                                    -----------          ----------
                                    -----------          ----------

(5) OTHER MATTERS

     The Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party 
("PRP") by the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") or state agencies, or 
has had claims asserted against it by other parties, in proceedings relating 
to six waste disposal facilities which  may be subject to remedial action 
under Superfund or similar state statutes.   These proceedings are based  on 
allegations that the Company had hazardous substances disposed of at  these 
sites.  At each site, many other parties have been named as PRPs or 
identified as potentially responsible for remediation, and the group of PRPs 
undertaking remediation includes many companies, including "Fortune 500" 
companies, believed to have substantial financial resources. The Company has 
paid a portion of the costs of preliminary investigation and remediation at 
three sites, and has agreed to

                                       9

settle claims against it made by PRPs at two sites.  With respect to these 
sites, the total amount paid by the Company to date or subject to possible 
settlement is approximately $53,000. The Company has established a reserve 
reflecting its estimate of probable environmental liabilities in connection 
with the proceedings based on presently available information provided by 
steering committees of participants or regulatory authorities with respect to 
each site.  As of March 1, 1997 the Company has accrued approximately 
$112,000 for these potential environmental liabilities.    The ultimate costs 
of the Company's environmental liabilities cannot be estimated with 
certainty, primarily due to several uncertain factors at one of the sites 
subject to legal proceedings.  These factors principally are the level of 
contamination, the selection of remedial methods, the stage of investigation 
at the site, and the determination of the Company's liability in proportion 
to owner/operators of the site and other responsible parties.   Due to the 
limited nature of the Company's involvement in these proceedings, the 
availability of certain defenses, and the involvement of many other parties 
with substantial financial resources in the proceedings, the Company does not 
anticipate, based on currently available information,  that potential 
environmental liabilities arising from these proceedings are likely to exceed 
the amount of the Company's reserve by an amount that would have a material 
effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash 
flows.  Expenses during the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 
1997 were not material.  See "Item 3.  Legal Proceedings".

(6) DIVIDENDS

     The dividends on Series C Preferred Stock accrued in a fiscal year are 
not payable until the following fiscal year.  

(7)  PLANT CLOSING

     On September 29, 1995 the Company announced its plan to permanently 
close its Gettysburg, Pennsylvania manufacturing plant and consolidate the 
production of that plant into its Huntingburg, Indiana facilities by December 
31, 1995, and close its Gettysburg warehouse during 1996.  Consolidation of 
production in the Indiana facilities should result in lower manufacturing 
overhead and plant administrative costs in future periods.  The Company 
recorded a pre-tax charge of approximately $995,000 in the first quarter of 
fiscal 1996 related to this closing.  The charge included book provisions of: 
$160,000 related to the recording of property, plant, and equipment at net 
realizable value; $100,000 for recording certain inventory items at net 
realizable value; $145,000 for a pension curtailment loss; $125,000 for 
severance pay; and approximately $465,000 for costs expected to be incurred 
after operations cease and that are associated with the closing as well as 
expected future occupancy related costs.  The severance pay accrual related 
to the termination of certain salaried and support staff personnel.  None of 
the above referenced costs relate to the relocation or consolidation of 
production into the Company's Huntingburg, Indiana facility.

     Net current assets and liabilities associated with the Gettysburg, 
Pennsylvania facilities as of March 1, 1997 are immaterial to the financial 
position of the Company.  The carrying amount of net long-term assets to be 
disposed of as of March 1, 1997 are approximately $10,000.  

                                      10

During the first quarter of fiscal 1997 the Company sold the Gettysburg, 
Pennsylvania warehouse and realized gross proceeds of approximately $130,000. 
Based upon this transaction approximately $118,000 of the book provision 
related to the initial recording of property, plant and equipment was not 
needed.   

(8)  LONG-LIVED ASSETS

      In March 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, "Accounting for the 
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of" 
(SFAS No. 121).  This standard establishes accounting standards for 
evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets, certain 
identifiable intangibles and goodwill.  The Company adopted the provisions of 
SFAS No. 121 in the first quarter of fiscal 1997 and the application of the 
standard has not resulted in an impairment loss.

                                      11

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Revenue - Net sales for the second quarter of fiscal 1997 increased 
$1,365,000 or 11% over the second quarter of fiscal 1996.  This increase was 
the result of  increased sales of commercial office furniture, home office 
furniture and other residential furniture including desks, desk chairs, wall 
systems, occasional tables, and dining tables and chairs, and increased sales 
to outside trade customers of lumber and fabricated wood parts by the 
Company's sawmill/dimension parts plant .  The increase was partially offset 
by lower sales of bedroom furniture.  Office furniture sales increased 22%; 
sales to outside trade customers of lumber and fabricated wood parts by the 
Company's sawmill/dimension parts plant increased 32%; sales of  home office 
furniture and other residential furniture including desks, desk chairs, wall 
systems, occasional tables, and dining tables and chairs increased 22%; and 
bedroom furniture sales decreased 12%.      

     Net sales for the first six months of fiscal 1997 decreased $575,000 or  
1.9% from the first six months of fiscal 1996.  This decrease was the result 
of  decreased sales of  bedroom furniture and  decreased sales in the first 
fiscal quarter of home office furniture and other residential furniture 
including desks, desk chairs, wall systems, occasional tables, and dining 
tables and chairs.  The decrease was partially offset by increased sales of 
commercial office furniture.  Office furniture sales increased 15%; sales of  
home office furniture and other residential furniture including desks, desk 
chairs, wall systems, occasional tables decreased 12%, and bedroom furniture 
decreased by 8%.   The decreases except for bedroom were in the first quarter 
and were primarily the result of  a weak retail furniture environment and 
because in last year's first quarter a larger drop ship import order was 
shipped for a major customer than in the current year.

Gross Margin - The Company's gross margin in the second quarter of fiscal 
1997 was  22% compared to 16.2% in the second quarter of fiscal 1996.  The 
gross margin dollars in the second quarter increased $1,033,000 or 51%.  This 
increase in  gross margin was primarily the result of:  higher margin product 
sales mix; lower overall production and warehousing overhead expenses as a 
result of the success of the Company's asset consolidation program; lower 
material costs; and improved operations at the Company's fabrication plant. 

     The Company's gross margin in the first six months of fiscal 1997 was  
23% compared to 17.4 % in the first six months of fiscal 1996.  The gross 
margin dollars in the first six months increased $1,588,000 or 30%.  This 
increase is the result of the reasons cited above.

Selling, General and Administrative (S,G&A) Expense - For the second quarter 
of  fiscal 1997, S,G&A expense amounted to $2,086,000 or 15% of sales 
compared to  $1,891,000 or 15.1% of sales for the second fiscal quarter of 
1996. 

     For the first six months of  fiscal 1996, S,G&A expense amounted to 
$4,302,000 or 14.5% of sales compared to  $3,964,000 or 13.1% of sales for 
the first six months of fiscal 1996.  This increase as a percentage of sales 
is the result of the sales decrease mentioned above and the semi-fixed nature 
of many S,G&A expenses, as well as increased sales, information system, and 
other administrative expenses.

                                      12

Interest Expense - For the second  quarter of fiscal 1997, net interest was  
$269,000 compared to $348,000 for the second quarter of fiscal 1996, or a 
decrease of 23%  This  decrease was the result of lower bank debt balances 
than in the previous year due to the success of the Company's asset 
consolidation program.

     For the first six months of fiscal 1997, net interest was $561,000 
compared to $768,000 for the first six months of fiscal 1996, or a decrease 
of 27%.   This  decrease was the result of a lower interest rate spread 
charged by the Company's lending bank as well as lower bank debt balances 
than in the previous year due to the success of the Company's asset 
consolidation program.

     On September 29, 1995 the Company announced its plan to permanently 
close its Gettysburg, Pennsylvania manufacturing plant and consolidate the 
production of that plant into its Huntingburg, Indiana facilities by December 
31, 1995, and close its Gettysburg warehouse during 1996.  Consolidation of 
production in the Indiana facilities has resulted in lower manufacturing 
overhead and plant administrative costs in future periods.  The Company 
recorded a pre-tax charge of approximately $995,000 in the first quarter of 
fiscal 1996 related to this closing which included a book provision of 
$160,000 related to the recording of property, plant, and equipment at net 
realizable value. (See Note 7)

     Net current assets and liabilities associated with the Gettysburg, 
Pennsylvania facilities as of March 1, 1997 are immaterial to the financial 
position of the Company.  The carrying amount of net long-term assets to be 
disposed of as of March 1, 1997 are approximately $10,000.

     During the first quarter of fiscal 1997 the Company sold the Gettysburg, 
Pennsylvania warehouse and realized gross proceeds of approximately $130,000. 
Based upon this transaction approximately $118,000 of the book provision 
related to the initial recording of property, plant and equipment was not 
needed.  

     Liquidity and Capital Resources - Demands for funds relate to payments 
for raw  materials and other operating costs, debt obligations, accrued 
preferred stock  dividends and capital expenditures.  The Company's ability 
to generate cash adequate to meet short and long term needs is dependent on 
the collection of accounts receivable and from its ability to borrow funds. 
The Company's days of sales outstanding of accounts  receivable averaged 53 
days for the first six months of fiscal 1997 compared to 50 days for the six 
months of fiscal 1996.   The Company's average days of inventory on  hand 
averaged 82 days for the first six months of fiscal 1997 compared to 81 days 
for the first six months of fiscal 1996.   The Company's order backlog at 
March 1, 1997 was approximately $3,381,000, a 32% decrease from approximately 
$4,951,000 at the same time last year.  This decrease is primarily the result 
of soft demand for bedroom furniture.

                                      13

Key elements of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:

During the first six months of fiscal 1997 , the Company provided cash 
flows from operating activities of $1,704,000 compared to cash flows provided 
of $6,412,000.  The operating cash flows in the current year are primarily 
due to strong operating results and  the previous year primarily due to the 
success of the Company's inventory reduction program and improved accounts 
receivable collection cycle and lower sales levels.  Investing activities 
required $391,000 during the first six months of fiscal 1997 and $157,000 
during the first six months of fiscal 1996 primarily for capital 
expenditures. Financing activities used $1,233,000 during the first six 
months of fiscal 1997 primarily in reduction of debt compared to funds used 
of $6,321,000 for the same purpose for the same six month period of the 
previous year.

     The Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party 
("PRP") by the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") or state agencies, or 
has had claims asserted against it by other parties, in proceedings relating 
to six waste disposal facilities which  may be subject to remedial action 
under Superfund or similar state statutes.  These proceedings are based  on 
allegations that the Company had hazardous substances disposed of at  these 
sites.  At each site, many other parties have been named as PRPs or 
identified as potentially responsible for remediation, and the group of PRPs 
undertaking remediation includes many companies, including "Fortune 500" 
companies, believed to have substantial financial resources.  The Company has 
paid a portion of the costs of preliminary investigation and remediation at 
three sites, and has agreed to settle claims against it made by PRPs at two 
sites.  With respect to these sites, the total amount paid by the Company to 
date or subject to possible settlement is approximately $53,000. The Company 
has recorded a reserve of approximately $112,000 against potential 
environmental liabilities.  The ultimate costs of the Company's environmental 
liabilities cannot be estimated with certainty, primarily due to several 
uncertain factors at one of the sites subject to legal proceedings.  These 
factors principally are the level of contamination, the selection of remedial 
methods, the stage of investigation at the site, and the determination of the 
Company's liability in proportion to owner/operators of the site and other 
responsible parties.   Due to the limited nature of the Company's involvement 
in these proceedings, the availability of certain defenses, and the 
involvement of many other parties with substantial financial resources in the 
proceedings, the Company does not anticipate, based on currently available 
information,  that potential environmental liabilities arising from these 
proceedings are likely to exceed the amount of the Company's reserve by an 
amount that would have a material effect on the Company's financial 
condition, results of operations or cash flows.  Expenses for the year to 
date were not material. See "Item 3. Legal Proceedings".

     The Company does not believe any events are probable which would 
materially change  its present liquidity position, which is adequate to 
satisfy known demands for funds  for operations and to pay bank and other 
debt.

                                      14

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

     The Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party 
("PRP") by the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") or state agencies, or 
has had claims asserted against it by other parties, in proceedings relating 
to six waste disposal facilities which  may be subject to remedial action 
under Superfund or similar state statutes, including the action described in 
the following paragraph.  These proceedings are based  on allegations that 
the Company had hazardous substances disposed of at  these sites.  At each 
site, many other parties have been named as PRPs or identified as potentially 
responsible for remediation, and the group of PRPs undertaking remediation 
includes many companies, including "Fortune 500" companies, believed to have 
substantial financial resources.  The Company has paid a portion of the costs 
of preliminary investigation and remediation at three sites, and has agreed 
to settle claims against it made by PRPs at two sites.  With respect to these 
sites, the total amount paid by the Company to date or subject to possible 
settlement is approximately $53,000. The Company has recorded a reserve of 
approximately $112,000 against potential environmental liabilities, including 
potential liabilities in connection with the site described below.   The 
ultimate costs of the Company's environmental liabilities cannot be estimated 
with certainty, primarily due to several uncertain factors at one of the 
sites subject to legal proceedings.  These factors principally are the level 
of contamination, the selection of remedial methods, the stage of 
investigation at the site, and the determination of the Company's liability 
in proportion to owner/operators of the site and other responsible parties.   
Due to the limited nature of the Company's involvement in these proceedings, 
the availability of certain defenses, and the involvement of many other 
parties with substantial financial resources in the proceedings, the Company 
does not anticipate, based on currently available information,  that potential
environmental liabilities arising from these proceedings are likely to exceed 
the amount of the Company's reserve by an amount that would have a material 
effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash 
flows. Expenses for the year to date were not material.    

     In 1988,  the Company was named out of over one thousand customers at 
the Keystone Sanitation Company landfill (the "Keystone Site") in Union 
Township, Pennsylvania, as one of 31 PRPs potentially responsible for 
remediation of this site. After the Company provided the EPA  with 
information concerning the nature of the substances allegedly contributed by 
the Company, which the Company believes did not include the principal 
hazardous substances of concern at the site identified in the remedial 
investigation, the EPA did not name the Company in an Administrative Order 
issued on June 28, 1991, requiring twelve other PRPs to undertake remedial 
action at the Keystone Site.   On September 27, 1993, the United States filed 
a lawsuit in federal court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania against 
eleven PRPs, who are challenging the EPA's proposal for remedial action at 
the Keystone Site, which was estimated to cost $9,156,950.  The parties have 
estimated that total site costs will be $17 million.   On August 11, 1994, 
the Company was named, along with over 250 PRPs, as a third-party defendant 
by the original PRP defendants.   Based on a court-directed production of 
information, the Company was assessed a preliminary allocation of liability 
among generators of waste of approximately 1.35% by a consultant.  The 
Company has not paid any amount toward the cost of investigation or 
remediation at the Keystone site. The Company is participating with other 
third-party defendants in settlement negotiations and in filing a 
fourth-party complaint joining over 500 additional parties in the litigation. 
The Company believes it has a reasonable basis upon which to dispute, and has

                                      15

disputed, both the volume of material attributed to it, and the allegation 
that material contributed by the Company requires any remediation. The 
Company believes it is likely that a significant share of the liability will 
be assigned to the former owners and operators who have considerable assets.  
In addition, the federal court has held that a national waste management 
company  that acquired the Keystone business is liable as a successor to the 
former owners and operators. 

     The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits arising in the normal 
course  of business including the environmental matters noted above, and 
which in management's opinion, are not material  to the results of operations 
or financial position of the Company, or are  adequately covered by 
insurance.  

                                      16

Item 6.   Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K

        (a)  EXHIBITS

                11.  Calculations of earnings per share.

                27.  Financial Data Schedule

        (b)  REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

                None.

                SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the 
Registrant  has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the 
undersigned thereunto  duly authorized.

                                       DMI FURNITURE, INC.
                                       (Registrant)         

Date:  March 31, 1997                  /s/Joseph G. Hill 
                                       -------------------
                                       Joseph G. Hill
                                       Vice President-Finance,
                                       Chief Financial Officer, 
                                       Secretary & Treasurer

                                      17

<EX-11>
 2
 EXHIBIT 11

EXHIBIT 11.

                              DMI FURNITURE, INC.

                      CALCULATIONS OF EARNINGS PER SHARE

(a)  For the periods ended March 2, 1996, since the effect of the assumption of
the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock into common stock and the
assumed exercise of stock options would be anti-dilutive, those common
equivalent shares were not included in the calculation of earnings per common
share.

                                      18

</EX-11>

<EX-27>
 3
 EXHIBIT 27

</EX-27>

