<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060317_10-Q_edgar_data_1034694_0000897101-06-000610_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>217605</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193595</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>661</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000897101-06-000610.hdr.sgml : 20060317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060317164527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897101-06-000610
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EAUTOCLAIMS, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001034694
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				954583945
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23903
		FILM NUMBER:		06696480

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST DOUGLAS RD
		CITY:			OLDSMAR
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34677
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8137491020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST DOUGLAS RD
		CITY:			OLDSMAR
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34677

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EAUTOCLAIMS COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000706

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSFORMATION PROCESSING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980306

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 TZdNtSbQTwkdsnFVNtShcqBLL1u6yxTqHRy93RtoNESAIaW9PMy37sz6hvS4vyum
 uHnd7/JZIyj8f/qFNyaxpg==

 0000897101-06-000610.txt : 20060317

10-Q
 1
 eauto061137_10q.txt
 FORM 10-Q FOR PERIOD ENDED 01-31-2006

UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-Q

     [X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                      FOR THE PERIOD ENDED JANUARY 31, 2006

     [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                         Commission File Number 0-23903

EAUTOCLAIMS, INC.
               (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Nevada                                   95-4583945
                 ------                                   ----------
      (State or other jurisdiction                        (IRS Employer
    of incorporation or organization)                  Identification No.)

110 East Douglas Road, Oldsmar, Florida                     34677
 ---------------------------------------                     -----
(Address of principal executive offices)                   (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (813) 749-1020

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None

         Indicate by check whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                                 [X] Yes [ ] No

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, or non-accellerated filer. See definition of "accelerated filer and large
accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer[ ]     Accelerated filer[ ]     Non-accelerated filer[X]

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Ruls 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.)

                                 [ ] Yes [X] No

         Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Issuer's
classes of common stock, $.001 Par Value, as of February 28, 2006 was
67,687,421.

EAUTOCLAIMS, INC.

INDEX TO FORM 10-Q
            -------------------------------------------------------

                                     PART I

                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1.  Financial Statements                                              2

         Balance Sheets                                                    3
         Statements of Operations                                          4
         Statement of Stockholders' Deficiency                             5
         Statements of Cash Flows                                          6
         Notes to Financial Statements                                     7

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
         Condition and Results of Operations                              12

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       21

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures                                          21

PART II

                                OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings                                                23

Item 2.  Changes in Securities and Use of Proceeds                        23

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities                                  25

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders              25

Item 5.  Other Information                                                25

Item 6.  Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K                                 26

Signatures                                                                26

Certifications

                                       1

EAUTOCLAIMS, INC.

PART I

                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION

ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

The financial statements of eAutoclaims, Inc. (the "Company") included herein
were prepared, without audit, pursuant to rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Because certain information and notes
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles were condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules
and regulations, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and notes thereto included in the financial statements
of the Company as included in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended July
31, 2005.

2

EAUTOCLAIMS, INC.

                                           BALANCE SHEETS

3

EAUTOCLAIMS, INC.

                                              STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

4

EAUTOCLAIMS, INC.

                                     STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY

5

EAUTOCLAIMS, INC.

                                   STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

6

EAUTOCLAIMS, INC.

                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION
- ------------------------------

The accompanying unaudited financial statements contain all adjustments
(consisting only of those of a normal recurring nature) necessary to present
fairly the financial position of eAutoclaims, Inc. as of January 31, 2006 and
its results of operations and cash flows for the three and six-month periods
ended January 31 2006 and 2005. Results of operations for the three and
six-month periods ended January 31, 2006 are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for the year ending July 31, 2006.

The Company derives revenue primarily from collision repairs, glass repairs and
fleet repairs. Revenue is recognized when an agreement between the Company and
its customer exists, the repair services have been completed, the Company's
revenue is fixed and determinable and collection is reasonably assured.

The Company records revenue gross when the Company is the primary obligor in its
arrangements, the Company has latitude in establishing price, the Company
controls what services are provided and where the services will take place, the
Company has discretion in supplier selection, the Company is involved in the
determination of product or service specifications and the Company has credit
risk. The Company records revenue net when situations occur whereby the supplier
(not the Company) is the primary obligor in an arrangement, the amount the
Company earns is fixed or the supplier (and not the Company) has credit risk.

As shown in the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses
from operations, has a stockholders' deficiency and a working capital
deficiency. The Company has been able to raise additional funds from debt and
equity offerings and management believes it can continue to do so in the future.
During the year ending July 31, 2006 the Company expects to realize increased
revenue from agreements signed in prior years. In addition, the Company has
secured a noncancellable line of equity from a shareholder in the amount of
$2,000,000.

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R (revised 2004),
"Share-Based Payment" which revised Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation". This statement supersedes
APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." The revised
statement addresses the accounting for share-based payment transactions with
employees and other third parties, eliminates the ability to account for
share-based compensation transactions using APB 25 and requires that the
compensation costs relating to such transactions be recognized in the statement
of operations. The revised statement has been implemented for the Company
effective August 1, 2005.

The implementation of FAS No. 123R had the following effect on the statement of
operations for six-month period ended January 31, 2006.

                                                                2006
                                                             ---------
Net loss before stock option expense                         $(460,800)

Deduct stock option expense                                    (21,560)
                                                             ---------

Net loss as reported                                         $(482,360)
                                                             =========

7

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION (CONTINUED)
- ------------------------------------------

The implementation of FASB 123R is not expected to have an impact on the basic
or diluted earnings per share reported on the statement of operations.

For the 2005 fiscal year the Company accounted for its employee incentive stock
option plans using the intrinsic value method in accordance with the recognition
and measurement principles of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." Had the Company determined
compensation expense based on the fair value at the grant dates for those awards
consistent with the method of SFAS 123, the Company's net income (loss) per
share would have been increased to the following pro forma amounts:

Six-month period ended January 31,                              2005
                                                            -----------

Net loss as reported                                        $(1,154,172)

Deduct total stock based employee
   compensation expense determined under
   fair value based methods for all awards                      (33,465)
                                                            -----------
Pro forma net loss                                          $(1,187,637)
                                                            ===========

Basic and diluted net loss per share as reported            $      (.05)
Pro forma and diluted basic loss per share                  $      (.03)

Effective August 1, 2005, the Company adopted FAS No. 123R utilizing the
modified prospective method. Under the modified prospective method, the
provisions of FAS No. 123R apply to all awards granted or modified after the
date of adoption. In addition, the unrecognized expense of awards not yet vested
at the date of adoption, measured under the original provisions of FAS 123,
"Accounting for Stock Based Compensation", shall be recognized in net earnings
in the periods after the date of adoption.

Stock based compensation consists primarily of stock options. Stock options are
granted to employees at exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the
Company's stock at the dates of grant. Stock options generally vest over three
years and have a term of ten years. Compensation expense for stock options is
recognized over the vesting period for each separately vesting portion of the
stock option award.

The fair value for options issued prior to August 1, 2005 was estimated at the
date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The risk free rate was
derived from the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant.
The volatility factor was determined based on a study done by an independent
securities valuation firm. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed
for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting
restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option-pricing models
require the input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected stock
price volatility. Because the Company's employee stock options have
characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because
changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value
estimate, in management's opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide
a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

8

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION (CONTINUED)
- ------------------------------------------

A summary of the status of the company's options for the six months ended
January 31, 2006 is as follows:

NOTE 2 - PER SHARE CALCULATIONS
- -------------------------------

Basic loss per share is computed as net loss available to common stockholders'
divided by the weighted- average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur
from common shares issuable through stock-based compensation including stock
options, restricted stock awards, warrants and convertible securities. As of
January 31, 2006 and 2005, 29,980,455 and 26,493,938 options and warrants,
respectively, were excluded from the diluted loss per share computation, as
their effect would be anti-dilutive.

NOTE 3 - PURCHASE AND SALE OF BUILDING
- --------------------------------------

On December 9, 2005 the Company completed a transaction in which it purchased
its Oldsmar facility under a purchase agreement completed with the then current
landlord, and immediately sold the facility to a third party. As part of the
agreement to purchase the facility, the Company issued the then current landlord
400,000 shares of the Company's common stock. The net result of the purchase and
sale transaction, after deducting applicable expenses, was a gain to the Company
of $756,943. As part of the agreement to sell the facility, the Company signed a
new 7 year lease with the new owner, which runs through December, 2012.

NOTE 4 - NOTE PAYABLE
- ---------------------

The Company entered into temporary financing through a $500,000 bridge loan from
an investor on October 26, 2005 in order to secure additional working capital.
The loan was repaid in full, along with $9,792 of interest, from the proceeds of
the sale of the Oldsmar facility which occurred in December, 2005.

9

NOTE 5 - EQUITY TRANSACTIONS
- ----------------------------

As part of the provisions of the sales of equities in March through May of 2004
there is a requirement to meet certain claims volume targets under the ADP
Co-Marketing Agreement. If we fail to meet those targets, up to 100% of the
original Units (as defined in that document) would have to be issued to those
2004 investors for no additional consideration (True up). In order to help
resolve this open issue, in December 2004 we offered the 2004 investors 50% of
the total potential True up Units in exchange for releasing the Company from the
remaining target volume commitment.

On August 1, 2005, the Company evaluated the claims volume that it had received
from customers generated by the ADP Claims Service Group Co-marketing agreement
as specified in the subscription agreements from the 2004 capital raise. In
accordance with those agreements, the Company did not meet the minimum volume
requirements and therefore had to issue 2,162,860 Units (one share of common
stock and one, 3-year, $0.16 warrant to purchase a common share) to the
investors who did not accept our December 2004 offer. Issuing these units
resulted in the Company recording a stock dividend of approximately $476,000.

During the six-months ended January 31, 2006 two investors exercised warrants to
purchase 1,371,429 shares of common stock with a strike price of $0.16 per
share. The Company received $219,429 from these transactions.

On August 15, 2005 the holder of the convertible debenture converted the note
into 1,718,750 shares of the Company's common stock. In addition, interest on
the note from the end of July 2005 until August 15, 2005 was paid to the holder
of the note with 5,651 shares of the Company's common stock.

During the six months ended January 31, 2006 the Company issued a total of
1,774,768 shares of common stock in exchange for services. A total of 200,000
shares of stock were issued to an officer as a result of a modification to his
employment contract. A total of $30,000 was charged to expense during this time
period, which was approximately equal to the fair market value of the shares at
the time of issuance. On November 8, 2005 the Board of Directors gave approval
for, and the Company subsequently issued, 1,000,000 shares of the Company's
common stock to the Chairman of the Board to compensate him for his past
services and his role as Chairman. The Company expensed a total of $190,000 for
these shares, which was equal to the fair market value of the shares at the
grant date. In addition, the Board also approved future compensation for the
Chairman of the Board to include the same annual retainer of $25,000 to be paid
in shares of the Company's common stock as well as the same quarterly stock
compensation currently paid to non-employee directors. The Company issued
574,768 shares of common stock to three non-employee directors and the Chairman
of the Board in exchange for their services. Of this total, 443,576 shares were
issued for services to be rendered for fiscal year 2006. These shares are being
expensed over the year as they are earned. During the six months ended January
31, 2006 the Company expensed $40,093, or 190,919 shares, which was
approximately equal to the fair market value of the shares when earned. In
addition, a total of 131,192 shares were issued to these same directors and the
Chairman of the Board for services rendered during the six months ended January
31, 2006. A total of $33,250 was charged to expense during this time period,
which was approximately equal to the fair market value of these shares when
earned.

On November 8, 2005 the Board voted to adjust the strike price from $0.35 to
$0.16 on 1,000,000 warrants owned by an investor, who is also a director, in
order to match the strike price of other investor's warrants issued under the
anti-dilution provisions of their agreements.

On November 29, 2005 the Company issued 400,000 shares of common stock in the
name of its landlord at that time as part of an agreement to facilitate the sale
of the building (See Note 3: Purchase and Sale of Building). These shares were
part of the building sale transaction and were delivered to the landlord at the
December 9, 2005 closing.

                                       10

During the six months ended January 31, 2006 options to purchase a total of
733,437 shares of the Company's common stock were exercised. Of this total,
200,000 options were exercised by a director, 100,000 by an officer and
director, 250,000 by two officers combined, 120,000 by a consultant and 4,104 by
an employee all with a strike price of $0.01. In addition, a consultant and two
employees exercised a total of 59,333 options to purchase shares of the
Company's common stock with exercise prices ranging from $0.13 to $0.15 per
share.

In October 2005, the Company issued 200,000 warrants with a strike price of
$0.20 to an investor for providing the Company with bridge loan financing and an
additional 250,000 warrants with a strike price of $0.20 were issued to two
finders for helping to facilitate the transaction. The Company valued these
warrants at $0.02 each, utilizing a warrant valuation provided by an independent
investment banker, and recorded a charge of $9,000 for these warrants during the
period ended October 31, 2005.

NOTE 6 - SUBSEQUENT EVENT
- -------------------------

On February 28, 2006 an investor exercised 32,500 warrants to purchase the
Company's stock with an exercise price of $0.16 per share. The Company received
$5,200 from this transaction.

11

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The statements contained in this Report on Form 10-Q, that are not purely
historical, are forward-looking information and statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. These include statements regarding our expectations,
intentions, or strategies regarding future matters. All forward-looking
statements included in this document are based on information available to us on
the date hereof. It is important to note that our actual results could differ
materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements contained in
this Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on
current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions
relating to the foregoing involve judgments regarding, among other things, our
ability to secure financing or investment for capital expenditures, future
economic and competitive market conditions, and future business decisions. All
these matters are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of
which may be beyond our control. Although we believe that the assumptions
underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions
could be inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the
forward-looking statements included in this form 10-Q will prove to be accurate.

GENERAL
- -------

eAutoclaims provide Internet based collision claims services for automobile
insurance companies, Managing General Agents (MGA) and third party claims
administrators (TPA) and self-insured automobile fleet management companies. Our
business strategy is to use the Internet to streamline and lower the overall
costs of automobile repairs and the claims adjustment expenses of our clients.
We believe that our proprietary web-based software products and services make
the management of collision repairs more efficient by controlling the cost of
the repair and by facilitating the gathering and distribution of information
required in the automobile repair process.

eAutoclaims controls the vehicle repair process from the reporting of the
accident through the satisfactory repair of damage. We bring together and
coordinate the activities of the insurance company, its insured, and the various
parties involved in evaluating a claim, negotiating the cost of the repair, and
performing necessary repair services. We have contracted with approximately 2700
body shops throughout the United States to repair vehicles. These shops,
referred to as our "provider network," provide us 10% to 15% discount on the
vehicle repair because of the volume of repairs we provide to them. Because we
audit every line of every repair estimate and because we share a portion of the
volume discount with our customer, we are able to lower the average cost being
paid by our customer.

Our product, eJusterSuite, provides both outsourcing and ASP (application
service provider) solutions. The outsourcing solution requires eAuto personnel
to audit and coordinate the vehicle repair. The ASP solution allows the customer
to use our technology independent of our personnel; thereby, providing a
solution for the largest insurance companies that already have the staff to
process and control the claims process, while paying us a fee for every
transaction that is run through our system. The ASP model provides margin
without the associated personnel and operating costs.

                                       12

eJusterSuite also builds in service partners that can provide the needed
services such as Independent adjustors, car rentals, tow trucks and accident
reporting by only clicking an Icon that is added to the screen of the customer's
desk top in the current system. The system automatically provides the service
partner the information already in our system via the Internet. The service
partner will systematically provided the requested services and pay us a fee for
each assignment they receive through our system. This process significantly
reduces the customers' time and cost to process claims as well as reduces the
number of mistakes that occur in a manual process. In many cases it also reduces
the cost of the service partner to obtain and process the transaction, even
after paying our transaction fee. This revenue provides additional margin
without the additional personnel and operation costs.

For our outsourcing customers, we approve all repair shops for inclusion in our
network and determine which repair shop will ultimately perform the repairs. We
receive a discount, ranging from 10% to 15%, from repair facilities that are
members of our provider network. The revenues generated from the vehicle repair
facilities through our provider network accounted for 81% and 80% of the revenue
for the six and three-months ended January 31, 2006. We are paid on a per claims
basis from our insurance and fleet company customers for each claim that we
process through our system. These fees vary from $10 to $65 per claim depending
upon the level of service required. For the six and three-months ended January
31, 2006, 19% and 20%, respectively, of the revenue has been received from
claims processing fees and other income. Other income consists mostly of the
sale of estimating software, fees from service partners (ASP fees) and
subrogation income.

eAutoclaims has focused more resources on marketing products whereas eAutoclaims
serves in the capacity of an Application Service Provider (ASP). eAutoclaims
applications are user-friendly, customizable to meet the client's unique
workflow, and are scalable. The applications currently offered under the ASP
category include eJusterSuite, AuditPro, the Appraisal Management System,
eDataTransfer and several custom applications for automotive collision and auto
glass industry repair providers.

eAutoclaims recently released AuditPro, a rules-based estimate auditing
application that has been well received by existing clients and prospects, which
has allowed eAutoclaims to grow our high margin ASP revenue. Large carriers can
use AuditPro as a stand-alone model that can be integrated within their
organization without the need for significant initial cost and without
materially changing their internal workflow.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
- ----------------------------

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and the results of our
operations are based upon our financial statements and the data used to prepare
them. The Company's financials have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. On an ongoing basis we
re-evaluate our judgments and estimates including those related to revenues, bad
debts, long-lived assets, and income taxes. We base our estimates and judgments
on our historical experience, knowledge of current conditions and our beliefs of
what could occur in the future considering available information. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our
estimates are guided by observing the following critical accounting policies.

REVENUE RECOGNITION
- -------------------

The Company derives revenue primarily from collision repairs, glass repairs and
fleet repairs.

                                       13

Revenue is recognized when an agreement between the Company and its customer
exists, the repair services have been completed, the Company's revenue is fixed
and determinable and collection is reasonably assured.

The Company records revenue gross in the areas of collision and fleet repairs.
It also records at gross in certain glass repair transactions. Revenue is
recorded at gross in these areas when:

         o        The Company is the primary obligor in its arrangements. The
                  Company is responsible for the quality of the repair and must
                  satisfy the customer if the body shop fails to repair the
                  vehicle properly.

         o        The Company has latitude in establishing price. The price is
                  established based on the Company's audit of the repair
                  estimate submitted by the repair facility. The repair facility
                  cannot begin the repair until an agreed upon price is
                  established between the facility and the Company for the
                  repair.

         o        The Company controls what is repaired with their contracted
                  shops, as they audit the estimate submitted by the repair
                  facility. The Company must agree that the repair is reasonable
                  and necessary before the repair facility is allowed to proceed
                  with the work being requested.

         o        The Company has discretion in supplier selection. Through the
                  use of software, the Company prioritizes which repair facility
                  is used based on the efficiency and effectiveness of the
                  repair facility, and

         o        The Company has credit risk. The Company is responsible to pay
                  the repair facility even if the customer does not pay for the
                  repair.

The Company records revenue net of the repair costs in certain glass
transactions when the supplier, not the Company, is the primary obligor in an
arrangement, the amount the Company earns is fixed or the supplier has credit
risk. This occurs when the repair has been performed before it is referred to
the Company. When the Company receives notice of the transaction, we call the
glass repair facility to ask them to become part of our network and to negotiate
a better price on the repair. If the Company is able to negotiate a better price
for the customer we keep a portion of the added discount. In that situation the
revenue is recorded net of the repair costs even though the Company pays for the
entire claim and are reimbursed by the insurance company, since we did not have
the risk of loss and are not responsible for the repair.

The revenue generated from a co-marketing agreement with the ADP Claims Services
Group (ADP) will be recorded net of the repair costs because in the agreement
the Company is performing a fee for service. The insurance company is the
customer of ADP, who will be collecting the revenue and paying the shop.

The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for losses that they
estimate will arise from the customers' inability to make required payments.
Collectability of the accounts receivable is estimated by analyzing historical
bad debts, specific customer creditworthiness and current economic trends. At
January 31, 2006 the allowance for doubtful accounts was approximately $193,000.

ACCOUNTING FOR INCOME TAXES
- ---------------------------

The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to
the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. While we consider
historical levels of income, expectations and

14

risks associated with estimates of future taxable income and ongoing prudent and
feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation
allowance, in the event that we determine that we would be able to realize
deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount an
adjustment to the deferred tax asset would increase income in the period such
determination was made. Likewise, should we determine that we would not be able
to realize all or part of the net deferred tax asset in the future, an
adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period
such determination was made. We have recorded valuation allowances against our
deferred tax assets of $9,996,000 at January 31, 2006. The deferred tax asset
consists mainly of net operating losses previously not realized and stock
compensation currently not deductible. The valuation allowance was necessary
because the use of these deductions is not reasonably assured since the company
has not reached profitability.

VALUATION OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS
- ------------------------------

The Company identifies and records impairment on long-lived assets, including
goodwill, when events and circumstances indicate that such assets have been
impaired. The Company periodically evaluates the recoverability of its
long-lived assets based on expected undiscounted cash flows, and recognizes
impairment, if any, based on expected discounted cash flows. Factors we consider
important which could trigger an impairment review include the following:

         o        Significant negative industry trends

         o        Significant underutilization of the assets

         o        Significant changes in how we use the assets of our plans for
                  their use.

MANAGEMENT'S OPERATING PLAN
- ---------------------------

Management has taken specific actions to mitigate the effects of the events of
fiscal 2005, which included the loss of revenue from our first and second
largest customers and the longer than expected time taken to implement the
national Sales and Marketing efforts associated with the ADP Co-Marketing
agreement. Although this delay resulted in the company incurring additional
expenses for carrying support personnel, we have begun to feel the effects of
new sales and are realizing the expected return on investment in the way of new
long-term sales contracts and new pilot agreements, and more specifically the
rollout of Continental Casualty Company (C N A Insurance) that began in late
July 2005 and the utilization of our shop network by C N A that began in late
October 2005. We have also entered into a new long-term contract with Safe Auto
Insurance, a large Insurance client based in Ohio who has been rolling out their
business on our shop network.

Specifically, management is taking the following actions that are expected to
positively impact the Company's financial position in fiscal 2006:

         o        ADP Co-Marketing Agreement - Management continues to focus on
                  the sales development of the ADP Co-Marketing Agreement, which
                  is part of the Company's Special Markets Division. The most
                  material development is the rollout of Continental Casualty
                  Company (C N A Insurance), a top 20 insurance carrier that is
                  described above and the rollout of Safe Auto Insurance. Once
                  both rollouts are completed, the Company expects meaningful
                  improvement in its operating results. As these new clients
                  mature they will become eAutoclaims largest clients.

                  The Company was also notified in September 2005 that it had
                  been selected by a second top 20 insurance client through the
                  ADP Co-marketing agreement. Although the process is still in
                  the early stages, the

15

Company expects rollout to be completed in fiscal 2006 and
                  meaningful revenues to be produced by the completion of the
                  fourth quarter of fiscal 2006.

                  Since August 2004 the ADP agreement has produced twenty signed
                  pilot agreements with insurance Companies or third party
                  administrators, and has produced seven annual agreements after
                  the pilot periods were completed. In addition, other than the
                  two top 20 insurance clients listed above, there are other
                  accounts in the sales cycle that are expected to mature into
                  new accounts. While there are no guarantees that these pilot
                  agreements will mature into annual or multi-year contracts,
                  maturing these accounts past the pilot stage would produce
                  significant claims volume. The Company would share the
                  associated revenues with ADP Claims Services Group.

         o        Rolling out Higher Margin Product Lines - Management continues
                  to make progress in building our operating margins by focusing
                  on higher margin products. The results have been an increase
                  in gross margin to 31% for the first six months of fiscal 2006
                  as compared to 23% from the same reporting period last year.
                  While future reports on margin will be influenced by the
                  revenue recognition related to the ADP Co-Marketing Agreement,
                  this quarter still reflects the greatest impact coming from
                  new high margin sales. Management is leveraging internally
                  developed ASP/technologies that will allow other companies in
                  related industries to significantly reduce labor costs and
                  improve operating efficiencies, as is the case with the
                  Company's recently announced new product "Audit Pro", a
                  programmatic electronic estimate auditing tool. Many of these
                  technologies have already been implemented in the Company's
                  operating processes and have shown themselves to be of
                  significant value. By modifying the interface to these
                  technologies, the Company can produce significant click fee
                  revenue without adding significant operating costs. The target
                  market for these technologies will include a wide range of
                  organizations, including the largest (tier 1) insurance
                  companies. The Company's management believes this additional
                  product line will result in a greater growth in high volume,
                  high margin revenues that will have a meaningful impact to the
                  Company's bottom-line. While there are no guarantees these
                  transactions or that the new business will mature, management
                  believes this will be a growth market for the Company in the
                  future.

         o        Direct Sales Channel - While the Company has focused much of
                  its efforts on the building of clients through the ADP
                  Co-Marketing agreement for our Collision Management product,
                  the company continues to market its services to the insurance
                  industry through its direct sales channel. The company
                  continues to make sales progress in this area. One specific
                  new client is a meaningful size carrier who entered into an
                  annual contract and is testing our product in a district
                  office, utilizing our network of shops and traditional
                  eJusterSuite product. While this test is in early stages and
                  there are no guarantees the client will expand the program,
                  the early test results have been very positive. Should this
                  test continue to yield such results, the client would likely
                  roll the program out to all of its district offices over the
                  course of the calendar year 2006. The potential sales volume
                  and the full revenues of our direct sales channel model would
                  make this account's contribution to profit the most material
                  of all current clients under contract, inclusive of our
                  clients from the ADP Co-Marketing agreement.

         o        Raising Additional Capital - In December, 2005 the Company
                  completed a transaction where it purchased the building it was
                  leasing and immediately sold the facility to a third party.
                  This transaction resulted in the Company netting over $800,000
                  in cash. The Company has additional avenues available to raise
                  capital, one of which is the exercising of currently
                  outstanding warrants. We believe that a substantial number of
                  the outstanding warrants will be exercised in the next 90
                  days, resulting in a significant influx of capital.

                  Based on the early results of the ADP Co-Marketing agreement
                  and the expansion of the Company's ASP/Technology sales, we
                  are required to build current staff levels to manage the
                  growth in business. The growth in staff will negatively affect
                  our operating results until the business matures, however we
                  are

16

currently experiencing the anticipated growth. We will need to
                  mature the new accounts to their full potential, which is
                  expected to occur by the end of the fiscal year. However,
                  there are no guarantees this new expected business will
                  materialize; therefore the Company has developed a contingency
                  plan in the event these events do not occur. If necessary, the
                  Company would reduce staff positions currently being carried
                  for the expected new business from the ADP Co-Marketing
                  agreement. In addition, our management team would also take a
                  second round of salary reductions ranging from 5% to 15%. The
                  senior management team would once again take the highest
                  percentage reductions.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- ---------------------

For the six and three-months ended January 31, 2006 compared to the six and
three-months ended January 31, 2005.

Revenue

Total revenue, excluding gain on the sale of the building of $756,943, for the
six-months ended January, 31, 2006 was $7.4 million, which is a 3% decrease from
the $7.6 million of revenue for the six-months ended January 31, 2005. For the
three months ended January 31, 2006 total revenue, excluding gain on the sale of
the building of $756,943, was $3.6 million, which is a 3% increase over the $3.5
million for the three months ended January 31, 2005. During the six and
three-months ended January 31, 2006 we derived 51% of our revenue from one
customer. The contract with this customer will expire in April, 2006. The
business associated with this client has been sold by the client to a third
party. We have been working with the new owner regarding an extension of the old
contract or a new contract. While we do not anticipate any short term loss of
business from this client and expect the Company will receive an extension on
the servicing contract, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to secure a
long term contract with the new client, or that any new contract will be on more
favorable terms.

Collision repair management revenue decreased 10% to $5.4 million for the
six-months ended January 31, 2006 from $6.0 million for the six-months ended
January 31, 2005. For the three-months ended January 31, 2006, collision
management revenue was $2.6 million, which is a 3% decrease from the $2.7
million for the three-months ended January 31, 2005. The decrease in revenue is
partially the result of a reduction by consumers in the usage of network shops.
Also included in the collision management revenue is the revenue earned through
repairs processed for clients acquired as a result of the ADP Co-Marketing
agreement. As previously stated, this revenue is recorded at net, which
significantly reduces the amount of gross revenue reported, although the overall
gross margin is increased as a result of not having to pay the shops for the
work performed. During the six and three-months ended January 31, 2006 we earned
over $248,000 and $148,000, respectively, in net revenue from clients acquired
as a result of the agreement with ADP. This additional revenue, which increased
59% in the quarter ended January 31, 2006 over the quarter ended October 31,
2005, resulted in the gross margin percent for collision management to increase
from 10% to 14% for the-six months ended January 31, 2006, not including fees.
The Company anticipates continued meaningful growth in new clients as a result
of its co-marketing agreement with ADP Claims Services Group. However, because
of the competitive nature of our business and the uncertainty of bringing on
enough business to offset the loss of business, we may be unable to increase
revenues quickly enough to return to profitability. However, the company's
management will cut expenses in the event we are unable to obtain profitability.

Glass repair revenues decreased by approximately $112,000 from approximately
$268,000 for the

17

six months ended January 31, 2005 to approximately $156,000 for the six months
ended January 31, 2006. For the three months ended January 31, 2006 glass
revenues were $61,000 compared to $107,000 for the three months ended January
31, 2005. This decrease is primarily due to the reduction in claim volume for
our existing customers. The Company continues to pursue additional glass
customers as the glass repair business complements our core business and allows
our customers to use a single source for all their repair needs.

Fees and other revenue increased by approximately $354,000 from approximately
$1,081,000 for the six months ended January 31, 2005 to approximately $1,435,000
for the six months ended January 31, 2006. For the three months ended January
31, 2006 fees and other revenue increased approximately $197,000 to
approximately $724,000 from approximately $527,000 for the three months ended
January 31, 2005. This increase is primarily a result of additional revenue
earned from current clients by taking increased numbers of first notice loss
reports as a result of damages sustained by consumers due to the hurricanes of
2005. Total first notice of loss revenue was $292,000 higher for the six-months
ended January 31, 2006 over the six-months ended January 31, 2005. We also
experienced a 20% growth in our click fee revenue for the six months ended
January 31, 2006 compared to the six months ended January 31, 2005. This growth
was primarily from our regular click fee assignments, however we also had
increases in our Audit Pro revenue as well as revenue from assignments to our
network of independent appraisers. Revenue earned from the sale of estimatic
software increased from approximately $347,000 for the six-months ended January
31, 2005 to approximately $380,000 for the six-months ended January 31, 2006.

Claims Processing Charges

Claims processing charges include the costs of collision and glass repairs paid
to repair shops within our repair shop network. Claims processing charges for
the six-months ended January 31, 2006 were approximately $5.1 million, or 69% of
total revenue, compared to approximately $5.9 million, or 77% of total revenue
for the six-months ended January 31, 2005. For the three months ended January
31, 2006, claims processing charges were approximately $2.5 million, or 68% of
total revenue compared to approximately $2.7 million, or 76% of total revenue
for the three-months ended January 31, 2005. Claims processing charges are
primarily the costs of collision repairs paid by the Company to its collision
repair shop network. The decrease in claims processing charges as a percentage
of total revenue is a result of the change in the product mix with a higher
percentage of higher margin products as compared to lower margin products. This
also includes the growth in click fees, which are fees charged when a client
uses our technology that has little to no associated cost of sale.

We are dependent upon our third party collision repair shops for insurance
claims repairs. eAutoclaims currently has approximately 2,700 affiliated repair
facilities in its network for claims repairs. We electronically and manually
audit individual claims processes to their completion using remote digital
photographs transmitted over the Internet. However, if the number of shops or
the quality of service provided by collision repair shops fall below a
satisfactory level leading to poor customer service, this could have a harmful
effect on our business.

Selling, General and Administrative (SG&A) Expenses

SG&A expense is mainly comprised of salaries and benefits, facilities related
expenses, telephone and internet charges, legal and other professional fees, and
travel expenses. SG&A expenses for the six and three-months ended January 31,
2006 were $3.3 million and $1.8 million, respectively. This

18

is compared to approximately $2.7 million and $1.3 million for the six and
three-months ended January 31, 2005. Payroll and benefit related expenses for
the six and three-months ended January 31, 2006 totaled approximately $2.1
million and $1.1 million respectively. This is compared to $1.7 million and $.9
million for the six and three months ended January 31, 2005. The increase is
primarily the result of increases in health care costs, non-cash compensation
expenses as provided for in management contracts and of increasing staff in
preparation for the significant new business expected to be forthcoming as a
result of new clients acquired through the ADP Co-Marketing Agreement. In
response to the increasing costs of health care and insurance, the Company
signed a PEO contract, effective in February 2006, with ADP TotalSource. The
Company anticipates significant savings, primarily in health care costs, will be
realized as a result of the reduced costs for these services according to the
terms of the contract.

SG&A expenses also include non-cash charges of approximately $572,000 and
$406,000 for the six and three-month period ended January 31, 2006. These
non-cash charges include approximately $317,000 and $228,000, respectively, of
common stock issued to pay fees to directors, approximately $115,000 and
$52,000, respectively, for common stock that is to be issued to management
according to terms of their contracts and approximately $1,000 of common stock
issued for accrued interest associated with the conversion of debt. In addition,
charges of approximately $22,000 and $10,000, respectively, were taken as a
result of implementing FAS123R (revised 2004), which requires expensing of stock
options as they become vested. The non-cash charges of approximately $133,000
and $53,000 for the six and three-months ended January 31, 2005 include
approximately $120,000 and $46,000, respectively, of common stock issued to pay
fees to directors and approximately $13,000 and $7,000, respectively, of common
stock issued to pay interest associated with the conversion of debt.

Also included in the SG&A is interest expense related to capital leases and
notes payable. For the six and three months ended January 31, 2006, this
interest expense totals approximately $31,000 and $13,000 respectively. This
compares to interest expense of approximately $21,000 and $10,000, respectively
for the six and three months ended January 31, 2005. Included in the interest
expense for 2006 is approximately $9,800 for interest on the note for a bridge
loan which the Company re-paid in full in December, 2005.

Purchase and Sale of Building

In December 2005 the Company completed a transaction where it purchased the
facility it had been renting and immediately sold the facility to a third party
buyer. As a result of this transaction, the Company realized a gain of
approximately $756,000. The Company signed a new 7 year lease with the new
owner, in conjunction with the transaction, which will result in additional rent
expense of approximately $3,000 per month. The monthly rent for 2006 is $21,694.

Depreciation

Depreciation of property and equipment of approximately $236,000 and $114,000
was recognized in the six and three-months ended January 31, 2006. This is
compared to approximately $267,000 and $133,000 for the six and three-months
ended January 31, 2006.

Net Income/Loss

Net loss for the six-months ended January 31, 2006 totaled approximately
$482,000 compared to a net loss of approximately $1,154,000 for the six-months
ended January 31, 2005. Net income for the three months ended January 31, 2006
was approximately $4,000, which includes a gain on the sale

19

of the Oldsmar facility of approximately $756,000. This is compared to a net
loss of approximately $608,000 for the three months ended January 31, 2005.
Included in these numbers are non-cash expenses of approximately $808,000 and
$520,000, including depreciation charges, for the six and three months ended
January 31, 2006 compared to $400,000 and $186,000 for the six and three months
ended January 31, 2005.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
- -------------------------------

At January 31, 2006, we had approximately $546,000 in cash. This is an increase
of approximately $240,000 from July 31, 2005. We have a working capital
deficiency of approximately $3.4 million compared to a deficiency of
approximately $3.6 million as of January 31, 2005. The primary source of our
working capital during the six-months ended January 31, 2006 was from cash
generated by operations and the sale of our Oldsmar facility, from which we
netted over $800,000. The Company has additional avenues available to raise
capital, one of which is the exercising of currently outstanding warrants. We
believe that a substantial number of the outstanding warrants will be exercised
in the next 90 days, resulting in a significant influx of capital. However,
there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to provide cash through
other financing sources.

We believe that cash generated from operations and proceeds from the sale of our
securities will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for the
next 12 months. This estimate is a forward-looking statement that involves risks
and uncertainties. The actual time period may differ materially from that
indicated as a result of a number of factors so that we cannot assure that our
cash resources will be sufficient for anticipated or unanticipated working
capital and capital expenditure requirements for this period or that we will be
able to generate capital from the sale of our securities.

DEBT AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
- --------------------------------

Our commitments for debt and other contractual arrangements as of January 31,
2006 are summarized as follows:

The Company leases equipment and facilities under non-cancelable capital and
operating leases expiring on various dates through 2012. The main operating
lease consists of a 7-year lease for 30,000 square feet of a 62,000 square foot
facility. This lease, which was signed as part of the agreement to sell the
facility, runs through December, 2012. The lease agreement stipulates that the

20

Company's rent will increase at the rate of 3% per year through the end of the
agreement.

Inflation

We believe that the impact of inflation and changing prices on our operations
since the commencement of our operations has been negligible.

Seasonality

The Company typically experiences a slow down in revenue during November and
December each year. Consumers tend to delay repairing their vehicles during the
holidays.

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Currently, we do not have any significant market risk. Market risk is the
potential loss arising from adverse change in market rates in prices such as
foreign currency exchange and interest rates. We do not have any foreign
currency exchange rate exposure. We do not have any long-term debt from
financial institutions. We do not hold any derivatives or other financial
instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Our financial position is not
affected by fluctuations in currency against the U.S. dollar since all of our
sales and assets occur within the United States.

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of January 31, 2006. Based on this
evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that
the material information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC") reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms relating to
eAutoclaims, Inc., and was made known to them by others within those entities,
particularly during the period when this report was being prepared.

The Company's management, including the principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, does not expect that the Company's disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all error and fraud. A control system, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can only provide reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent
limitations

21

include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls
can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, collusion of two or
more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system
of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

b) Changes in internal controls over financial reporting.

In addition, there were no significant changes in our internal control over
financial reporting that could significantly affect these controls during the
quarter ended January 31, 2006. We have not identified any significant
deficiency or materials weaknesses in our internal controls, and therefore there
were no corrective actions taken.

22

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

None.

ITEM 2. CHANGE IN SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS

As part of the provisions of the sales of equities in March through May of 2004
there is a requirement to meet certain claims volume targets under the ADP
Co-Marketing Agreement. If we fail to meet those targets, up to 100% of the
original Units (as defined in that document) would have to be issued to those
2004 investors for no additional consideration (True up). In order to help
resolve this open issue, in December 2004 we offered the 2004 investors 50% of
the total potential True up Units in exchange for releasing the Company from the
remaining target volume commitment.

On August 1, 2005, the Company evaluated the claims volume that it had received
from customers generated by the ADP Claims Service Group Co-marketing agreement
as specified in the subscription agreements from the 2004 capital raise. In
accordance with those agreements, the Company did not meet the minimum volume
requirements and therefore had to issue 2,162,860 Units (one share of common
stock and one, 3-year, $0.16 warrant to purchase a common share) to the
investors who did not accept our December 2004 offer. Issuing these units
resulted in the Company recording a stock dividend of approximately $476,000.

During the six-months ended January 31, 2006 two investors exercised warrants to
purchase 1,371,429 shares of common stock with a strike price of $0.16 per
share. The Company received $219,429 from these transactions.

On August 15, 2005 the holder of the convertible debenture converted the note
into 1,718,750 shares of the Company's common stock. In addition, interest on
the note from the end of July 2005 until August 15, 2005 was paid to the holder
of the note with 5,651 shares of the Company's common stock.

During the six months ended January 31, 2006 the Company issued a total of
1,774,768 shares of common stock in exchange for services. A total of 200,000
shares of stock were issued to an officer as a result of a modification to his
employment contract. A total of $30,000 was charged to expense during this time
period, which was approximately equal to the fair market value of the shares at
the time of issuance. On November 8, 2005 the Board of Directors gave approval
for, and the Company subsequently issued, 1,000,000 shares of the Company's
common stock to the Chairman of the Board to compensate him for his past
services and his role as Chairman. The Company expensed a total of $190,000 for
these shares, which was equal to the fair market value of the shares at the
grant date. In addition, the Board also approved future compensation for the
Chairman of the Board to include the same annual retainer of $25,000 to be paid
in shares of the Company's common stock as well as the same quarterly stock
compensation currently paid to non-employee directors. The Company issued
574,768 shares of common stock to three non-employee directors and the Chairman
of the Board in exchange for their services. Of this total, 443,576 shares were
issued for services to be rendered for fiscal year 2006. These shares are being
expensed over the year as they are earned. During the six months ended January
31, 2006 the Company expensed $40,093, or 190,919 shares, which was
approximately equal to the fair market value of the shares when earned. In
addition, a total of 131,192 shares were issued to these same directors and the
Chairman of the Board for services rendered during the six months ended January
31, 2006. A total of $33,250 was charged to expense during this time period,
which was approximately equal to the fair market value of these shares when
earned.

On November 8, 2005 the Board voted to adjust the strike price from $0.35 to
$0.16 on 1,000,000 warrants owned

23

by an investor, who is also a director, in order to match the strike price of
other investor's warrants issued under the anti-dilution provisions of their
agreements.

On November 29, 2005 the Company issued 400,000 shares of common stock in the
name of its landlord at that time as part of an agreement to facilitate the sale
of the building (See Note 3 to the financial statements: Purchase and Sale of
Building). These shares were part of the building sale transaction and were
delivered to the landlord at the December 9, 2005 closing.

During the six months ended January 31, 2006 options to purchase a total of
733,437 shares of the Company's common stock were exercised. Of this total,
200,000 options were exercised by a director, 100,000 by an officer and
director, 250,000 by two officers combined, 120,000 by a consultant and 4,104 by
an employee all with a strike price of $0.01. In addition, a consultant and two
employees exercised a total of 59,333 options to purchase shares of the
Company's common stock with exercise prices ranging from $0.13 to $0.15 per
share.

In October 2005, the Company issued 200,000 warrants with a strike price of
$0.20 to an investor for providing the Company with bridge loan financing and an
additional 250,000 warrants with a strike price of $0.20 were issued to two
finders for helping to facilitate the transaction. The Company valued these
warrants at $0.02 each, utilizing a warrant valuation provided by an independent
investment banker, and recorded a charge of $9,000 for these warrants during the
period ended October 31, 2005.

On February 28, 2006 an investor exercised 32,500 warrants to purchase the
Company's stock with an exercise price of $0.16 per share. The Company received
$5,200 from this transaction.

24

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES

None.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

On February 13, 2006, at the Company's annual meeting of stockholders, the
following proposals were approved:

Proposal 1: The election of the following directors

                                       For            Authority Withheld
                                   ----------         ------------------
       Jeffrey Dickson             46,244,274               64,316
       Eric Seidel                 46,244,274               64,316
       Christopher Korge           46,294,274               14,316
       Nicholas Trbovich, Jr.      46,294,274               14,316
       John Pennington             46,294,274               14,316

A total of 46,308,590 votes representing approximately 70% of the outstanding
shares were cast. Election to the board of directors required an affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares.

Proposal 2: Approval to increase the authorized share count from 100,000,000 to
150,000,000 shares

A total of 44,486,549 votes (67% of the outstanding shares) were cast for the
proposal, 1,508,040 were cast against the proposal, and 314,001 abstained.
Approval of the proposal required an affirmative vote of a majority of the
outstanding shares.

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

25

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)      EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION
- ----------- -----------

  10.71           Building Lease

  10.72           PEO Contract

  31.1            Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section
                  302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  31.2            Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
                  302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  32.1            Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
                  Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The
                  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  32.2            Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
                  Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The
                  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

(b)      REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

Item 1.01/8.01      - Announced expansion of business relationship,
                      dated February 1, 2006

Item 1.01/7.01/8.01 - Announced new client agreement, dated
                      December 15, 2005

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 17, 2006               By:  /s/ Eric Seidel
      ---------------------             ---------------------------------------
                                        Eric Seidel, President and
                                        Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 17, 2006               By:  /s/ Larry Colton
      ---------------------             ---------------------------------------
                                        Larry Colton, Chief Financial Officer
                                        and Principal Accounting Officer

26

<EX-10.71>
 2
 eauto061137_ex10-71.txt
 BUILDING LEASE

Exhibit 10.71

LEASE

      THIS LEASE, made and entered into as of the 9TH day of DECEMBER, 2005, and
between Landlord as hereinafter defined and Tenant as hereinafter defined.

                               W I T N E S S E T H

      In consideration of the rent to be paid, the mutual covenants and
agreements herein contained, and of other good and valuable considerations, the
receipt and legal sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by both parties
hereto, Landlord hereby demises and rents unto Tenant, and Tenant hereby leases
from Landlord, certain premises now existing in Landlord's property named below
and described in Exhibit "A" attached hereto, upon the terms, covenants and
conditions hereinafter contained.

                                    ARTICLE I

                    FUNDAMENTAL LEASE PROVISIONS AND EXHIBITS

      Section 1.1 FUNDAMENTAL LEASE PROVISIONS.

      A.    Property: 110-112 East Douglas Road, Oldsmar, Florida 34677

      B.    LANDLORD: Barrett Family Partnership I

      C.    TENANT: eAUTOCLAIMS.COM, INC.

      D.    LEASED PREMISES: 110 EAST DOUGLAS ROAD, OLDSMAR, FLORIDA 34677

      E.    SIZE/DIMENSIONS: 30,000 square feet

      F.    PERMITTED USES: General Offices

      G.    LEASE TERM: 7 Years. Commencing the 9TH day of DECEMBER, 2005 and
            Terminating midnight 31ST DAY of DECEMBER, 2012.

      H.    OPTIONS: See Rider.

      I.    RENT SCHEDULE: See Exhibit "C"
            (All rents shall be plus applicable Florida rental tax.)

      J.    RENT COMMENCEMENT DATE: December 9, 2005.

      K.    LEASE COMMENCEMENT DATE: December 9, 2005.

      L.    RENTAL PAYMENT PLACE: Barrett Family Partnership I, c/o J B
            Management, Inc. 300 S. Duncan Ave., Suite 275, Clearwater, FL 33755

                                        1

M.    PRORATA SHARE: 48.4% representing the percentage of the total
            rentable space in the Industrial Building represented by the number
            of rentable square feet in the Leased Premises.

      N.    COMMON AREA MAINTENANCE CONTRIBUTION: $ N/A per year plus any
            applicable Florida rental tax. * See Exhibit C

      O.    REAL ESTATE TAX CONTRIBUTION: $ N/A per year plus any applicable
            Florida rental tax.

      P.    INSURANCE CONTRIBUTION: $ N/A per year plus any applicable Florida
            rental tax.

      Q.    SECURITY DEPOSIT: $75,000 (see Exhibit "C") Security Deposit to be
            held in Synovus Bank in an interest bearing account.

                                        2

Section 1.2 EFFECT OF REFERENCE TO A FUNDAMENTAL LEASE PROVISION. Each
reference in this Lease to any of the Fundamental Lease Provisions contained in
Section 1.1 shall be construed to incorporate all of the terms provided under
each such Fundamental Lease Provisions as hereinafter amplified.

      Section 1.3 EXHIBITS. The exhibits listed in this section and attached to
this Lease are incorporated herein by reference and are to be construed as a
part hereof.

      Exhibit A.          Legal Description.

      Exhibit B.          Hazardous Materials

      Exhibit C.          Rent Schedule

      Exhibit D.          Tenant/Landlord Work Schedule

      Exhibit E.          Renewal Option

      Exhibit F.          Sign Criteria

                                   ARTICLE II
                            LEASED PREMISES AND TERM

      Section 2.1 COVENANTS OF LANDLORD'S AUTHORITY. Landlord represents and
covenants that: (1) prior to commencement of the Lease Term, it will have either
good title to or a valid leasehold interest in the land and building of which
the leased premises form a part, and (2) upon performing all of its obligations
hereunder, Tenant shall peacefully and quietly have, hold and enjoy the premises
for the term of this lease.

      Section 2.2 LEASED PREMISES. For the purpose of this lease, Leased
Premises shall extend to the exterior faces of all walls or to the building line
where there is no wall, or the center line of those walls separating the Leased
Premises from other leased premises in the building, together with the
appurtenances specifically granted in this lease, but reserving and excepting to
Landlord the use of the exterior walls and the roof and the obligation to
install, maintain, use, repair and replace pipes, ducts, conduits, and wires
leading through the Leased Premises in locations which will not materially
interfere with Tenant's use thereof and serving other parts of the building.

      Section 2.3 TERM. The term of this lease shall commence on the date set
forth in Article I, Section 1.1 G. and shall continue for the period set forth
therein. The fractional month, if any, between the commencement of the Lease
Term and the end of the month in which the Lease Term begins is hereinafter
referred to as the "Fractional Month".

      Section 2.4 STATEMENT AS TO LEASE TERM. After the commencement and
termination dates of the

                                        3

Lease Term shall have been determined as provided in Section 2.3, Tenant, at
Landlord's request, shall from time to time execute, acknowledge and deliver
written statements to the extent such statements are applicable or accurate in
recordable form: (1) ratifying this lease; (2) specifying the commencement and
termination dates of the Lease Term; (3) certifying that this lease is in full
force and effect and has not been assigned, modified, supplemented or amended
(except by such writings as shall be so stated); (4) that all conditions under
this lease to be performed by Landlord have been satisfied or stating those not
performed; (5) that there are no defenses or offsets against the enforcement of
the lease by Landlord or specifying any such defenses; (6) the date to which the
rental has been paid; (7) the number of square feet of floor space in the Leased
Premises; and (8) that no rental has been paid in advance or specifying any such
advance rental.

                                   ARTICLE III
                                     RENTALS

      Section 3.1 FIXED MINIMUM ANNUAL RENT. Tenant shall pay to Landlord,
without demand and without deduction or set-off, at the rental payment place, or
such other address for the rental payment place as Landlord by notice in writing
to Tenant may from time to time direct, as follows: Fixed Rent shall be payable
at the annual rate provided in Article I, Section 1.1 I (Exhibit C), for each
year of the Lease Term, in equal monthly installments in advance on the first
day of each month during the Lease Term. If payment is more than five (5) days
late, a late fee of 10% is assessed on midnight of the fifth day. The Fixed Rent
for a Fractional Month (if any) shall be apportioned on a per diem basis,
calculated on the basis of a thirty (30) day month, and shall be payable on the
commencement of the Lease Term.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                       COMMON AREAS, THEIR USE AND CHARGES

      Section 4.1 COMMON AREAS. Landlord shall make available within the demised
premises such common areas, including but not limited to, parking areas,
driveways, truck ways, delivery passages, loading docks, pedestrian sidewalks
and ramps, access and egress roads, landscaped and planted areas, and other
facilities as Landlord in its sole discretion shall deem appropriate. It is
hereby expressly understood and agreed by Landlord and Tenant that Landlord
shall operate, manage, equip, light, repair and maintain said common areas for
their intended purposes in good repair and working order, and Landlord reserves
the right to change from time to time the size, location, nature and use of any
common areas, to installations therein, and to move and remove the same.

      Section 4.2 USE OF COMMON AREAS. Tenant and its concessionaires, officers,
employees, agents, customers and invitees shall have the non-exclusive right, in
common with Landlord and all others to whom Landlord has or may hereafter grant
rights, to use the common areas as designated from time to time by Landlord
subject to such reasonable rules and regulations as Landlord my from time to
time impose, including the designation of specific areas in which cars owned by
Tenant, its concessionaires, officers, employees and agents must be parked.
There are currently a total of 197 parking spaces on the property. As long as
Promedica is the other tenant, their parking space allocation per their current
lease will remain @ 40 spaces. eAUTO will be allocated 157 parking spaces. eAUTO
agrees that at anytime in the future if the Lessor enters into a lease agreement
with a new tenant for the 32,000 SF space currently occupied by Promedica, that
eAUTO will accept a reduction to 133 parking spaces. Tenant agrees after notice
thereof to abide by such rules and regulations and to use its best efforts to
cause its concessionaires, officers, employees, agents, customers and invitees
to conform thereto. Landlord may at any time close temporarily any common area
to make repairs or changes, to prevent the acquisition of public rights in such
areas or to discourage non-customer parking; and Landlord may do such other acts
in and to the common areas as in its

                                        4

judgment may be desirable to improve the convenience thereof provided that
Landlord shall not unduly interfere or disrupt Tenant's business. Tenant shall
upon request furnish the Landlord the license numbers of the cars operated by
Tenant and its concessionaires, officers, employees, agents, customers and
invitees, to use any part of the parking area and other common areas. Neither
Tenant nor Tenant's employees, concessionaires or agents shall solicit business
in the parking or other common area or distribute any handbills or other
advertising matter in such areas or place any such handbills or advertising
matter in or any automobiles parked therein without Landlord's written consent.

      Landlord reserves the right to grant to third persons the non-exclusive
right to cross over and use in common with Landlord and all tenants of the
property the common areas designated from time to time by Landlord.

                                    ARTICLE V
                                UTILITY SERVICES

      Section 5.1 UTILITIES. Tenant shall promptly pay for all public utilities
rendered or furnished to the Leased Premises from and after the date lease
commences of the Leased Premises (irrespective of whether Tenant shall have
opened for business in the Leased Premises), including but not limited to water,
gas, electricity and sewer charges and all taxes thereon. Landlord, at its
election, may install re-registering meters and collect any and all charges
aforesaid from Tenant, making returns to the proper public utility company or
governmental unit, provided that Tenant shall not be charged more than the rates
it would be charged for the same services if furnished direct to the Leased
Premises by such companies or governmental units.

      Section 5.2 FURNISHING OF UTILITY SERVICES. Any utility or related
service, including a privately owned sewerage disposal system, which Landlord
elects to provide or cause to be provided to the Leased Premises may be
furnished by any agent employed by Landlord or by an independent contractor
selected by Landlord, and Tenant shall accept the same therefrom to the
exclusion of all other suppliers so long as the rates charged by the Landlord or
by the supplier or such utility or related service, caused by or necessitated by
repairs or improvements, or by hazards beyond the reasonable control of
Landlord, shall not give rise to a right or cause of action by Tenant against
Landlord in damages or otherwise.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                             REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE

      Section 6.1 REPAIRS BY LANDLORD. Landlord shall make and pay for all
repairs to the exterior of the building which the Leased Premises are a part,
including but not limited to repairs to roof (including drains, downspouts,
pipes and conduits leading to the Leased Premises from utility installments,
sidewalks, malls, parking areas, curbs and exterior structural walls and roof).
If Landlord is required to make any repairs by reason of Tenant's negligent acts
or omission to act, Landlord may add the cost of such repairs to the rent which
shall thereafter become due.

      Section 6.2 REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE BY TENANT. Tenant shall make and pay
for all repairs to the interior of the Leased Premises and shall replace all
things necessary to keep the same in good state of repair, such as all fixtures,
furnishings, lighting, doors and store signs of Tenant. Tenant shall also
maintain, replace and keep in good repairs all air-conditioning, plumbing,
heating and electrical installations and floor surfaces within the Leased
Premises. Tenant shall at all times keep the Leased Premises (including

                                        5

maintenance and cleaning of exterior entrances, all glass and show window
moldings, signs and bulkheads) and all partitions, doors, floor surfaces,
fixtures, equipment and appurtenances thereof in good order, condition and
repair, and in a reasonably satisfactory condition of cleanliness (including
damage by unavoidable casualty excepted), and Tenant shall make such other
necessary repairs in and to the Leased Premises not specified in Section 6.1
hereof as the responsibility of Landlord, In addition to the foregoing, Tenant
shall install, repair, replace and maintain fire extinguishers and other fire
preventive equipment in the Leased Premises in accordance with the
recommendations or requirements of Landlord's fire engineer or Landlord's fire
insurance carrier or in accordance with any future recommendations of Landlord's
fire engineer or fire insurance carrier, and in accordance with applicable
governmental codes (including the Occupational Safety and Health Act).

      Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for actual costs for repairs if Tenant
refuses or neglects to repair as required.

Tenant will be responsible for ADA conformance within the Leased Premises.

      Section 6.3 INSPECTION. Landlord or its representatives shall have the
right to enter the Leased Premises at reasonable hours of any business day
during the Leased Term to ascertain if the premises are in proper repair and
condition.

      Section 6.4 SIDEWALKS. Tenant agrees to use reasonable diligence to keep
the sidewalks and outside areas immediately adjoining the premises clean, and at
all times to broom-clean or otherwise keep said sidewalks and outside areas free
of trash, litter or obstructions of any kind.

      Section 6.5 REPLACEMENT OF GLASS. At the commencement of the Lease Term
all glass in the Leased Premises shall be in good condition and undamaged.
Tenant will, at its own expense, replace all glass thereafter broken or damaged.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                             USE OF LEASED PREMISES

      Section 7.1 USE OF LEASED PREMISES. Tenant covenants and agrees to use the
Leased Premises only for the permitted uses set forth in Article I, Section 1.1
F., and for no other purpose.

      The Leased Premises and all building and improvements thereon shall,
during the Lease Term, be used only and exclusively for lawful and moral
purposes and no part of the Leased Premises or improvements thereon shall be
used in any manner whatsoever for any purposes in violation of the laws,
ordinances, regulations or orders of the United States, or of the State, County
and/or City where the premises are located or the Fire Insurance Rating
Organization and/or the Board of Fire Insurance Underwriters, or any duly
constituted subdivision, department or board thereof. Tenant shall comply with
all such laws, ordinances, regulations, or orders now in effect or hereafter
enacted or passed during the Lease Term insofar as the Leased Premises and any
signs of Tenant are concerned, and shall make at Tenant's own cost and expense,
all repairs, additions and alterations to the Leased Premises ordered or
required by such authorities, whether in order to meet the special needs of
Tenant, or by reason of the occupancy of Tenant, or otherwise.

      Section 7.2 RULES AND REGULATIONS. Tenant's use of the Leased Premises
shall be subject, at all times during the Lease Term, to Landlord's right to
adopt from time to time, modify and/or rescind reasonable

                                        6

rules and regulations not in conflict with any of the express provisions hereof
governing the use of the parking areas, malls, walks, driveways, passageways,
signs, exteriors or buildings, lighting and other matters affecting other
tenants in and the general management and appearance of the property of which
the Leased Premises are a part, but no such rule or regulation shall
discriminate against Tenant. Tenant agrees to comply with all such Rules and
Regulations upon notice to Tenant from Landlord. Tenant also agrees to the
following:

      (a) All loading and unloading of goods shall be done only at such time, in
the areas, and through the entrances designated for such purposes by Landlord.

      (b) The delivery or shipping of merchandise, supplies and fixtures to and
from the Leased Premises shall be subject to such rules and regulations as in
the judgement of Landlord are necessary for the proper operation of the Leased
Premises.

      (c) All garbage and refuse shall be kept in the kind of container
specified by Landlord, or duly constituted public authority, and shall be placed
outside of the Leased Premises prepared for collection in the manner and at the
times and places specified by Landlord. If Landlord shall provide or designate a
service for picking up refuse and garbage, Tenant shall use same at Tenant's
cost. Tenant shall pay the cost of removal of any Tenant's refuse or rubbish and
maintain all common loading areas in a clean manner satisfactory to the
Landlord.

      (d) No aerial shall be erected on the roof or exterior walls of the Leased
Premises or on the grounds without, in each instance, the written consent of
Landlord, Any aerial so installed without such written consent shall be subject
to removal without notice at any time.

      (e) No loudspeakers, televisions, phonographs, radios or other devices
shall be used in a manner so as to be heard or seen outside of the Leased
Premises without the prior written consent of Landlord.

      (f) Tenant shall maintain the inside of the Leased Premises at a
temperature sufficiently high to prevent freezing of water in pipes and fixtures
inside the Leased Premises.

      (g) The plumbing facilities shall not be used for any other purpose than
that for which they are constructed, and no foreign substance of any kind shall
be deposited therein, and the expense of any breakage, stoppage or damage
resulting from a violation of this provision shall be borne by Tenant.

      (h) Tenant, at its expense, shall employ the services of a reputable
termite and pest extermination contractor at regular intervals as Landlord may
require.

      (i) Tenant shall not burn any trash or garbage of any kind in or about the
Leased Premises, or within one mile of the outside property line.

      (l) Tenant will not place or suffer to be placed or maintained on any
exterior door, wall or window of the Leased Premises any sign, awning or canopy,
or advertising matter or other thing of any kind, and will not place or maintain
any decoration, lettering, advertising matter or other thing except as may be
approved by the Landlord.

      (m) Tenant agrees that it will erect on the facade of its premises an
identification sign in accordance

                                        7

with the sign criteria set forth by the Landlord within 30 days following its
opening for business.

      (m) Notwithstanding anything hereinabove to the contrary, Tenant agrees to
comply with any modifications, additions, new rules and regulations for the use
and occupancy of the Leased Premises, as the Landlord, in its full discretion,
from time to time promulgates for the best interests of the property. Landlord
shall have no liability for violation by any other Tenant of the property of any
rules and regulations, nor shall such violation or the waiver thereof excuse
Tenant from compliance.

      Section 7.3 SIGNS, AWNINGS, AND CANOPIES. Landlord may erect and maintain
such suitable signs as it, in its sole discretion may deem appropriate to
advertise the property. Tenant may erect and maintain on the exterior of the
Leased Premises only flat wall signs and under-canopy signs which shall be of
such size and type and in such locations as Landlord may approve. Tenant shall
keep insured and shall maintain such signs in good condition and repair at all
times. If any damage is done to Tenant's signs, Tenant shall repair it within
five (5) days or Landlord shall have the right to repair such signs and bill
Tenant for cost of the repairs.

      Tenant will not place or suffer to be placed or maintained on any exterior
door, wall, or window of the Leased Premises, any sign, awning, or canopy, or
advertising matter or other thing of any kind, and will not place or maintain
any decoration, lettering or advertising matter on either the interior or
exterior glass of any window or door of the Leased Premises without first
obtaining Landlord's written approval and consent. Tenant further agrees to
maintain such sign, awning, canopy, decoration, lettering, advertising matter or
other things as may be approved by Landlord in good condition and repair at all
times.

      Section 7.4 NOISE, OBSTRUCTION, AND NUISANCES. Tenant covenants that it
will not (i) create or maintain, or allow others to create or maintain, any
nuisances, including without limiting the foregoing general language, loud
noises, sound effects, offensive odors and smoke or dust in or about the
premises; (ii) place or maintain any signs in any parking area serving the
Leased Premises; (iii) commit any waste; or (iv) maintain or allow to be
maintained any excessively bright lights, changing, flashing, flickering, or
lighting devices or similar devices, the effect of which will be visible from
the exterior of the Leased Premises.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                          TENANT'S BUSINESS OPERATIONS

      Section 8.1 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES. Nothing herein contained shall be
deemed or construed as creating the relationship of principal and agent or of
partnership or joint venture between the parties hereto; it being understood and
agreed that neither the method of computing rent nor any other provisions
contained herein nor any acts of the parties hereto shall be deemed to create
any relationship between the parties other than that of Landlord and Tenant.

                                        8

ARTICLE IX
                   ADDITIONS, ALTERATIONS, AND TRADE FIXTURES

      Section 9.1 BY LANDLORD. Landlord hereby reserves the right at any time to
make alterations or additions to the building in which the Leased Premises are
contained and to build additional stories thereon. Landlord also reserves the
right to construct other buildings or improvements on the property or common
areas from time to time and to make alterations thereof or additions thereto and
to build additional stories on any such building or buildings so constructed,
provided such construction will not be part of the CAM per 4.1 (d).

      Section 9.2 BY TENANT. Tenant may from time to time, at its own expense,
alter, renovate or improve the interior of the Leased Premises provided the same
be performed in a good and workmanlike manner, in accordance with accepted
building practices and so as not to weaken or impair the strength or
substantially lessen the value of the building in which the Leased Premises are
located. No changes, alterations or improvements affecting the exterior of the
Leased Premises shall be made by Tenant without the prior written approval of
Landlord. Any work done by Tenant under the provisions of this Section shall not
interfere with the use by the other tenants of their premises in the property.

      All alterations, decorations, additions and improvements made by Tenant,
or made by Landlord on Tenant's behalf as provided in this lease, shall remain
the property of the Tenant for the Lease Term or any extension or renewal
thereof, but they shall not be removed from the Leased Premises without the
prior written consent of Landlord.

      Upon termination of this lease or upon the termination of any renewal term
thereof, Tenant shall remove such alterations, decorations, additions and
improvements and restore the Leased Premises as provided in Section 9.5, and if
Tenant fails to do so and moves from the Leased Premises, all such alterations,
decorations, additions and improvements shall become the property of Landlord.

      Section 9.3 INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE. Tenant shall indemnify and hold
Landlord harmless from any and all claims for damages or otherwise based upon or
in any manner growing out of any alterations or construction undertaken by
Tenant under the terms of this lease, including all costs, damages, expenses,
court costs and attorney fees incurred in or resulting from claims made by other
tenants or premises in the property, their agents, employees, patrons and
invitees.

      Before undertaking any alterations or construction, Tenant shall obtain
and pay for a public liability policy insuring Landlord and Tenant against any
liability which may arise on account of such proposed alteration or construction
work in limits of not less then $500,000.00 for any one person, $1,000,000.00
for more than one person in any one accident and $100,000.00 for property
damage, and a certificate or copy of such policy shall be delivered to Landlord
prior to the commencement of such proposed work. Tenant shall also maintain at
all times fire insurance with extended coverage in the name of Landlord and
Tenant as their interest may appear in an amount adequate to cover the cost of
replacement of all alterations, decorations, additions or improvements in and to
the Leased Premises, and all trade fixtures therein, in the event of fire or
extended coverage loss. Tenant shall deliver to Landlord certificates of such
fire insurance policies, which shall contain a clause requiring the insurer to
give Landlord ten (10) days notice of cancellation of such policies.

                                        9

Section 9.4 MECHANIC'S LIENS. If by reason of any alterations, repair,
labor performed or materials furnished to the Leased Premises for or on behalf
of Tenant, any mechanic's or other lien shall be filed, claimed, perfected or
otherwise established as provided by law against the Leased Premises, Tenant
shall discharge or remove the lien by bonding or otherwise within thirty (30)
days after notice from Landlord to Tenant of the filing of same.

      Section 9.5 TRADE FIXTURES. Provided Tenant is not in default hereunder,
Tenant shall have the right, at the termination of this lease, to remove any and
all trade fixtures, equipment and other items of personal property not
constituting a part of the freehold which it may have stored or installed in the
Leased Premises, including but not limited to counters, shelving, showcases,
chairs, and movable machinery purchased or provided by Tenant and which are
susceptible to being moved without damage to the building, provided this right
is exercised before the lease is terminated or during the ten (10) day period
immediately following such termination and provided that Tenant shall repair any
damage to the Leased Premises caused thereby. The right granted Tenant in this
Section 9.5 shall not include the right to remove any plumbing or electrical
fixtures or equipment, heating or air conditioning equipment, floor coverings
(including wall-to-wall carpeting) glued or fastened to the floors or any
paneling, tile, or other materials fastened or attached to the walls or
ceilings, all of which shall be deemed to constitute a part of the freehold,
and, as a matter of course, shall not include the right to remove any fixture or
machinery that was furnished or paid for by the Landlord. Buildings shall be
left in a broom-clean condition. If Tenant shall fail to remove its trade
fixtures or other property at the termination of this lease or within ten (10)
days thereafter, such fixtures and other property not removed by Tenant shall be
deemed abandoned by Tenant, and, at the option of Landlord shall become the
property of Landlord.

                                    ARTICLE X
                               TAXES AND INSURANCE

      Section 10.1 TENANT'S TAXES. Tenant covenants and agrees to pay promptly
when due all taxes imposed upon its business operation and its personal property
situated in the Leased Premises.

      Section 10.2 TENANT'S PARTICIPATION IN REAL ESTATE TAXES. Landlord will
pay all real property taxes, which may be levied or assessed by any lawful
authority against the land and improvements in the property.

      Section 10.3 LIABILITY INSURANCE. Lessee shall procure and keep in force
during the term hereof, without expense to Lessor, $1,000,000 umbrella insurance
coverage in the name of Lessee (and naming Lessor as an additional insured)
against any liability to the public resulting from any occurrence in or about
the premises and any building or improvements thereon to indemnify against the
claims of any person or persons for any damage, whether personal or property
damage. True copies of said policies or certificates thereof (showing the
premiums thereon to have been paid) shall be delivered to Lessee promptly upon
Lessor's request therefore. All such policies shall provide that they shall not
be cancelable by the insurer without first giving at least ten (10) days written
notice to Lessor. List as additional insured: Barrett Family Partnership I, c/o
J.B. Management, Inc., 300 South Duncan Ave., Suite 275, Clearwater, Florida
33755.

      Section 10.4 INCREASE IN FIRE INSURANCE PREMIUM. Tenant agrees that it
will not keep, use, sell or offer for sale in or upon the Leased Premises any
article, which may be prohibited by the standard form of fire insurance policy.
Tenant agrees to pay any increase in premiums for fire and extended coverage
insurance which may be carried by Landlord on the Leased Premises or the
building of which they are a part,

                                       10

resulting from the type of merchandise sold or services rendered by Tenant in
the Leased Premises, whether or not Landlord has consented to the same. In
determining whether increased premiums are the result of Tenant's use of the
Leased Premises, a schedule, issued by the organization making the insurance
rate on the Leased Premises, showing the various components of such rate, shall
be conclusive evidence of the several items and charges which make up the fire
insurance rate on the Leased Premises.

      Tenant shall not knowingly use or occupy the Leased Premises or any part
thereof, or suffer or permit the same to be used or occupied for any business or
purpose deemed extra-hazardous on account of fire or otherwise. In the event
Tenant's use and/or occupancy causes any increase or premium for the fire,
boiler and/or casualty rates on the Leased Premises or any part thereof above
the rate for the least hazardous type of occupancy legally permitted in the
Leased Premises, Tenant shall pay such additional premium on the fire, boiler
and/or casualty insurance policies. Tenant shall also pay in such event, any
additional premium on the rent insurance policy that may be carried by Landlord
for its protection against rent loss through fire. Bills for such additional
premiums shall be rendered by Landlord to Tenant at such times as Landlord may
elect, and shall be due from and payable by Tenant when rendered, and the amount
thereof shall be deemed to be, and be paid as, additional rent, but such
increases in the rate of insurance shall not be deemed a breach of this covenant
by Tenant.

      Tenant shall pay as additional rent hereunder its Prorata Share of the
total premiums for liability and fire and extended coverage insurance (including
"Difference in Conditions" coverage) carried by Landlord with respect to the
property. Such amount shall be payable in advance on the first day of each
month, based on Landlord's actual estimate thereof from time to time. Following
each calendar year, Landlord shall furnish Tenant with a statement of the actual
amount of such expense for said period, and appropriate adjustment and payment
shall be made for any excess or deficiency. The initial monthly payment due
hereunder shall be the amount provided in Article I, Section 1.1.P. If the Lease
Term ends on any date other than December 31 of any year, Tenant's obligation
for the period commencing January 1 during such year and ending on the last day
of the Lease Term shall be prorated on a per diem basis and shall be payable by
Tenant notwithstanding that the premiums payable during such year have not been
determined as the end of the Lease Term.

      Section 10.5 TENANT'S INSURANCE. During the Lease Term, Tenant, at its own
cost and expense, shall keep all furniture, fixtures, inventory and equipment,
whether supplied or owned by Tenant or by Landlord, and all glass forming a part
of the Leased Premises, including but not limited to plate glass, insured to the
extent of its full insurable value against loss or damage by fire and windstorm,
with extended coverage. Tenant shall also carry business interruption coverage
in amounts sufficient to pay the Fixed Rent hereunder. Tenant agrees that this
insurance and all other insurance carried by Tenant shall contain a waiver of
subrogation against Landlord. Tenant shall deliver certified copies of all
insurance policies to Landlord together with proof that the premiums have been
paid.

                                   ARTICLE XI
           DAMAGES, DESTRUCTION OR CONDEMNATION OF THE LEASED PREMISES

      Section 11.1 DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION BY FIRE OR OTHER CASUALTY. If the
Leased Premises is damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, tornado, or by the
elements, or through any casualty, or otherwise, after the commencement of the
Lease Term, this lease shall continue in full force and effect, and Landlord at
its expense shall promptly restore, repair or rebuild the Leased Premises
including but not limited to the store

                                       11

front, to the same condition as it existed when the possession of the Leased
Premises were turned over to the Tenant at the commencement of the Lease Term,
within (90) days after such damage or destruction. In the event Landlord fails
to restore the Leased Premises as aforesaid, Tenant's sole remedy against
Landlord shall be to terminate this lease as of the date of such casualty. Rent
and additional rent, if any, shall abate from the date of such damage or
destruction until ten (10) days after Landlord has repaired or restored the
building in the manner and in the condition provided in this Section and
notified Tenant of such fact.

      In the event that a part only of the Leased Premises is untenantable or
incapable of use for the normal conduct of Tenant's business therein, a just an
proportionate part of the rent shall be abated from the date of such damage
until (10) days after Landlord has completely repaired same and notified Tenant
of such fact.

      In the event that the Leased Premises shall be damaged in whole or in
substantial part within the last twenty-four (24) months of the Lease Term or
within the last twenty-four (24) months of the last renewal term, if renewals
are provided for herein, Landlord or Tenant shall have the option, exercisable
within ninety (90) days following such damage, of terminating this lease,
effective as of the date of mailing notice thereof.

      No damage or destruction to the Leased Premises shall allow Tenant to
surrender possession of the Leased Premises nor affect Tenant's liability for
the payment of rent or any other covenant contained herein, except as may be
specifically provided in this lease. Notwithstanding any of the provisions
herein to the contrary, Landlord shall have no obligation to rebuild the
premises unless the damage or destruction is a result of a casualty covered by
Landlord's insurance policy.

      Tenant shall give to Landlord prompt written notice of any damage to or
destruction of any portion of the Leased Premises resulting from fire or other
casualty.

      Section 11.2 LOSS OR DAMAGE TO TENANT'S PROPERTY. Landlord shall not be
liable for any damage to property of Tenant or of others located on the Leased
Premises, nor for the loss of or damage to any property of Tenant, or of others
by theft or otherwise. Landlord shall not be liable for any injury or damage to
persons or property resulting from fire, explosion, falling plaster, steam, gas,
electricity, water, rain or leaks from any part of the Leased Premises or from
the pipes, appliances or plumbing works or from the roof, street or subsurface
or from any other place or by dampness or by any other cause of whatsoever
nature. Landlord shall not be liable for any such damage caused by other tenants
or persons in the Leased Premises, occupants of property adjacent to the Leased
Premises, or public or quasi-public work.

Landlord shall not be liable for any latent defect in the Leased Premises or in
the building of which they form a part. All property of Tenant kept or stored on
the Leased Premises shall be so kept or stored at the risk of Tenant only, and
Tenant shall hold Landlord harmless from any claims arising out of damage to the
same, including subornation claims by Tenant's insurance carriers, unless such
damage shall be caused by the willful act or gross neglect of Landlord.

      Section 11.3 CONDEMNATION. In the event the entire Leased Premises shall
be appropriated or taken under the power of eminent domain by any public or
quasi-public authority, this lease shall terminate and expire as of the date of
such taking, and Landlord and Tenant shall thereupon be released from any
further liability hereunder.

      In the event more than fifteen percent (15%) of the floor area of the
Leased Premises shall be

                                       12

appropriated or taken under the power of eminent domain by any public or
quasi-public authority, Tenant and Landlord shall have the right to cancel and
terminate this lease as of the date of such taking upon giving Landlord and
Tenant notice of such election within thirty (30) days after the receipt by
Tenant from Landlord of notice that said Leased Premises have been so
appropriated or taken. In the event of such cancellation, Landlord and Tenant
shall thereupon be released from any further liability under this lease.
Immediately after any appropriation or taking, Landlord shall give Tenant notice
thereof. If this lease shall not be terminated as provided in this section, then
Landlord shall restore the building and the monthly rental specified in this
Lease shall be ratably reduced according to the area of the leased premises
which is taken.

      All compensation awarded or paid upon such a total or partial taking of
the Leased Premises shall belong to and be the property of Landlord without any
participation by Tenant; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall
be construed to preclude Tenant from prosecuting any claim directly against the
condemning authority in such condemnation proceedings for loss of business,
and/or depreciation to, damage to, and/or cost of removal of, and/or for the
value of stock and/or trade fixtures, furniture and other personal property
belonging to Tenant; provided further, that no such claim shall diminish or
otherwise adversely affect Landlord's award or the award(s) of any and all
ground and underlying lessor(s) and mortgagee(s).

                                   ARTICLE XII
                         DEFAULT BY TENANT AND REMEDIES

      Section 12.1 DEFAULT. If Tenant fails to pay any rental due hereunder or
if Tenant defaults in fulfilling any of the covenants of this lease, Landlord
may give Tenant notice thereof. If payment is more than five (5) days late, a
late fee of 10% is assessed on midnight of the fifth day. If such default is not
remedied within five (5) days following such notice, all of Tenant's rights
under this lease shall terminate, and Tenant shall immediately quit and
surrender the premises to Landlord, but Tenant shall continue liable for the
payment of rent and other sums due hereunder. If the nature of the default is
such that it cannot reasonably be cured within the period of ten (10) days and
work thereon shall be commenced within the period and diligently prosecuted to
completion, Tenant's rights under this lease shall not terminate as a result of
such default being thus cured or corrected.

      If at any time during the term there shall be filed by or against Tenant
or against any successor tenant then in possession, in any court pursuant to any
statute either of the United States or of any state, a petition (i) in
bankruptcy, (ii) alleged insolvency, (iii) for reorganization, (iv) for the
appointment of a receiver, or (v) for an arrangement under the Bankruptcy Act,
or if a similar type of proceeding shall be filed, Landlord may terminate
Tenant's rights under this lease by notice in writing to Tenant, and thereupon
Tenant shall immediately quit and surrender the Leased Premises to Landlord, but
Tenant shall continue liable for the payment of rent and all other sums due
hereunder.

      Section 12.2 LANDLORD'S RIGHTS ON DEFAULT. If Tenant's rights under this
lease shall have terminated as above, Landlord may immediately, or at any time
thereafter, re-enter the Leased Premises and remove all persons and all or any
property therefrom, by a suitable action or proceeding at law, or by force or
otherwise possess and enjoy the premises, together with all additions,
alterations and improvements, and Landlord may, at its option, repair, alter,
remodel and/or change the character of the premises as it may deem fit and/or at
any time relet the Leased Premises or any part or parts thereof, as the agent of
Tenant or otherwise. The exercise by Landlord

                                       13

of any right granted in the sentence immediately preceding shall not relieve
Tenant from the obligation to make all rental payments, and to fulfill all other
covenants required by this lease, at the time and in the manner provided herein,
and if Landlord so desires, all current and future rent and other monetary
obligations shall become due and payable. Tenant throughout the remaining term
hereof shall pay Landlord, no later than the last day of each month during the
term, the then current excess, if any, of the sum of the unpaid rentals over the
proceeds, if any, received by landlord from such reletting, if any. Landlord
shall not be required to relet the Leased Premises. The Landlord shall make
reasonable effort to relet the Leased Premises. If Landlord attempts to relet
the Leased Premises, Landlord shall be the sole judge as to whether or not a
proposed tenant is suitable and acceptable. Landlord's expenses incurred in
connection with such repair, alteration, remodeling or change, together with any
other expenses incurred by it in connection with the reletting of the Leased
Premises (including but not limited to brokerage fees, if any) shall be deemed
additional rentals payable hereunder.

      In the event of a breach by Tenant of any of the covenants or provisions
hereof, Landlord shall have, in addition to any other remedies which it may
have, the right to invoke any remedy allowed at law or in equity to enforce
Landlord's rights or any of them, as if re-entry and other remedies were not
herein provided for.

      Section 12.3 NON-WAIVER PROVISIONS. The failure of Landlord to insist upon
a strict performance of any of the terms, conditions and covenants herein shall
not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights or remedies that Landlord may have
and shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in the
terms, conditions and covenants herein contained except as may be expressly
waived in writing.

      The maintenance of any action or proceeding to recover possession of the
Leased Premises, or any installment or installments of rent or any other monies
that may be due or become due from Tenant to Landlord, shall not preclude
Landlord from thereafter instituting and maintaining subsequent actions or
proceedings for the recovery of possession of the premises or of any other
monies that may be due or become due from Tenant. Any entry or re-entry by
Landlord shall not be deemed to absolve or discharge Tenant from liability
hereunder.

      Section 12.4 LANDLORD'S EXPENSES. If Tenant shall at any time be in
default hereunder, and if Landlord shall deem it necessary to engage attorneys
to enforce Landlord's rights hereunder, the determination of such necessity to
be in the sole discretion of Landlord, Tenant will reimburse Landlord for the
reasonable expenses incurred thereby, including but not limited to court costs
and reasonable attorney's fees. Notwithstanding, the above, in the event of
litigation, the non-prevailing party shall be liable for all attorney's fees
incurred by both the prevailing party and the non-prevailing party. If Tenant's
rights hereunder are not terminated, the amount of such expenses shall be deemed
to be additional rent hereunder and shall forthwith be due and payable by Tenant
to Landlord.

                                  ARTICLE XIII
                      MORTGAGE FINANCING AND SUBORDINATION

      Section 13.1 SUBORDINATION. This lease and all of Tenant's rights
hereunder are and shall be subordinate to any mortgages or deed of trust, which
Landlord may place upon the property. However, Tenant shall, upon request or
either Landlord or the holder of any mortgage or deed of trust on the property,
execute any documents expressly subordinating this lease to any mortgage or
mortgages now or hereafter placed upon the Landlord's interest in the premises
or future additions thereto, and Tenant shall execute and

                                       14

deliver upon demand, such further instruments subordinating this lease to the
lien of any such mortgage or mortgages, provided such subordination shall be
upon the express condition that this lease shall be recognized by the mortgagees
and that the rights of Tenant shall remain in full force and effect during the
term of this lease and any extension thereof, notwithstanding any default by the
mortgagors with respect to the mortgages or any foreclosure thereof, so long as
Tenant shall perform all of the covenants and conditions of this lease. Tenant
agrees to execute all agreements required by Landlord's mortgagee or any
purchaser at a foreclosure sale or sale in lieu of foreclosure by which
agreements tenant will attorn to the mortgagee or purchaser.

      Section 13.2 PRIMING THE LEASE. Any mortgagee may at its option elect to
subordinate the lien of its mortgage to this lease by executing and causing to
be recorded in the place where a deed to the property would be required to be
recorded, an instrument evidencing such subordination.

                                   ARTICLE XIV
                                OTHER PROVISIONS

      Section 14.1 INDEMNITY. Tenant during the term hereof shall indemnify and
save harmless Landlord from and against any and all claims and demands whether
for injuries to persons or loss of life, or damage to property, occurring within
the Leased Premises arising out of the use and occupancy of the Leased Premises
by Tenant, its agents, contractors, employees, servants, lessees or
concessionaires, excepting however such claims and demands, whether for injuries
or persons or loss of life, or damage to property, caused by acts or omissions
of Landlord or arising out of the use of the Common Facilities as defined in the
lease. If, however, any liability arises in the common area because of
negligence of Tenant, Tenant's agents, employees, contractors, invitees, or
visitors, then in such event Tenant shall hold Landlord harmless. Tenant shall
also pay all costs, expenses, and reasonable attorney's fees that may be
incurred or paid by Landlord in enforcing the covenants and agreements of this
Lease.

      Section 14.2. DEFINITIONS AND LIABILITY OF LANDLORD. The term "Landlord"
as used in this lease means only the owner for the time being of the building in
which the Leased Premises are located or the owner of a leasehold interest in
the building and/or the land thereunder so that in the event of sale of the
building or an assignment of this lease, or a demise of the building and/or
land, Landlord shall be and hereby is entirely freed and relieved of all
obligations of Landlord hereunder and it shall be deemed without further
agreement between the parties and such purchaser(s), assignee(s), or lessee(s)
that the purchaser, assignee or lessee has assumed and agreed to observe and
perform all obligations of Landlord hereunder.

      It is specifically understood and agreed that there shall be no personal
liability on Landlord in respect to any of the covenants, conditions or
provisions of this lease; in the event a breach or default by Landlord of any of
its obligations under this lease, Tenant shall look solely to the equity of
Landlord in the property for the satisfaction of Tenant's remedies.

      Section 14.3 ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING. Tenant shall not assign this Lease
or sublet the Premises without the prior written consent of Lessor, which
consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

      It is understood, however, that any such assignee shall be considered as
the tenant of the Lessor, and Lessor shall recover and be entitled to all rents
to be paid by such assignee notwithstanding that such rents may exceed the rent
provided for hereunder.

      Any such assignment or sublease, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
made without Lessor's prior written consent shall entitle Lessor to declare
Tenant in default hereunder with the same force and

                                       15

effect as though all rentals due and to become due hereunder were due and
payable and payment thereof had been refused by Tenant.

      Notwithstanding any of the above, the Lessee shall remain as Guarantor
under this Lease.

      Section 14.4 NOTICES. Whenever notice shall or may be given to either of
the parties by the other, each such notice shall be registered or certified mail
to Landlord, Barrett Family Trust I, c/o J B Management, Inc., 300 S. Duncan
Avenue, Suite 275, Clearwater, FL 33755.

      Notice to Landlord shall be addressed as specified in Article I, Section
1.1. B., and notice to Tenant shall be addressed as specified in Article I,
Section 1.1 D., or in each case, to such other address as either may from time
to time designate in writing to the other. Any notice under this lease shall be
deemed to have been given at the time it is placed in the mail with sufficient
postage prepaid.

      Section 14.5 INTEREST ON LATE PAYMENTS. See Addendum attached hereto.

      Section 14.6 SHORT FORM LEASE. Tenant agrees not to record this lease
without the express written consent of Landlord and further agrees to execute,
acknowledge and deliver at any time after the date of this lease, at the request
of Landlord, a short form lease suitable for recording.

      Section 14.7 TENANT'S NOTICE TO LANDLORD OF DEFAULT. Should Landlord be in
default under any of the terms of this lease, Tenant shall give Landlord prompt
written notice thereof in the manner specified in Section 14.4 and Tenant shall
allow Landlord a reasonable length of time (in any event, not less than thirty
(30) days from the date of such notice) in which to cure such default.

      Section 14.8 SURRENDER OF LEASED PREMISES AND HOLDING OVER. At the
expiration of the tenancy hereby created, Tenant shall surrender the Leased
Premises in the same condition as the Leased Premises were in upon delivery of
possession thereof to Tenant, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and damage by
unavoidable casualty excepted to the extent that the same is covered by
Landlord's fire insurance policy with extended coverage endorsement, and Tenant
shall surrender all keys for the Leased Premises to Landlord at the place then
fixed for the payment of rent and shall inform Landlord of all combinations of
locks, safes and vaults, if any, in the Leased Premises. Tenant shall remove all
its trade fixtures as specified in Section 9.5 and any alterations or
improvements, before surrendering the Leased Premises, and shall repair any
damage to the Leased Premises caused thereby. Tenant's obligations to observe or
perform this covenant shall survive the expiration, whether or not with the
consent or acquiescence of Landlord, shall be deemed to be that of a tenancy at
will and in no event from month to month or from year to year, and it shall be
subject to all the terms, covenants and conditions of this lease applicable
thereto, and no extension or renewal of this lease shall be deemed to have
occurred by such holding over. Any holding over after the expiration of the
term, with the express or implied consent of Lessor shall be construed to be a
tenancy from month to month only, at 200% of the rental per month as paid during
the last month of the term and upon all other terms and conditions as are herein
set forth.

      Section 14.10 SECURITY DEPOSITS. Tenant, contemporaneously with the
execution of this lease, has deposited with Landlord the Security Deposit as
defined in Section 1.1 Q. above; receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by
Landlord. This deposit shall be held by Landlord with liability for interest as
security for

                                       16

the faithful performance by Tenant of all of the terms, covenants, and
conditions of this lease by Tenant to be kept and performed during their term.
If at any time during the term of this lease any of the rent shall be overdue
and unpaid, or any other sum payable by Tenant to Landlord shall be overdue and
unpaid, then Landlord may at its option appropriate and apply the entire
Security Deposit, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to compensate the
Landlord for loss or damage sustained or suffered by Landlord due to such breach
on the part of Tenant. Should the entire deposit, or any portion thereof, be
apportioned and applied by landlord for the payment of overdue rent or other
sums due and payable to Landlord by Tenant, then Tenant shall upon the written
demand of Landlord, remit to Landlord as additional rental a sufficient amount
in cash to restore said security to the original sum deposited, and Tenant's
failure to do so within five (5) days after receipt of such demand shall
constitute a breach of this lease. Should Tenant comply with all of the terms
covenants and conditions and shall promptly pay all of the rental herein
provided for as it falls due, and all other sums payable by Tenant to Landlord,
the Security Deposit shall be returned in full to Tenant at the end of this
lease or upon the earlier termination of this lease.

      Section 14.11 ENTIRE AND BINDING AGREEMENT. This Lease contains all of the
agreements between the parties hereto, and it may not be modified in any manner
other than by agreement in writing signed by all the parties hereto or their
successors in interest. The terms, covenants and conditions contained herein
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Landlord and Tenant and their
respective successors and assigns, except as may be otherwise expressly provided
in this lease.

      Section 14.12 PROVISIONS SEVERABLE. If any term or provision of this lease
or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall, to any extent,
be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this lease, or the application of
such term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those to which it
is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected thereby and each term and
provision of this lease shall be valid and be enforce to the fullest extent
permitted by law.

      Section 14.13 CAPTIONS. The captions contained herein are for convenience
and reference only an shall not be deemed as a part of this lease or construed
as in any manner limiting or amplifying the terms and provisions of this lease
to which they relate.

      Section 14.14 RIDER. A rider consisting of SIX (6) page(s) with Exhibits
lettered A,B,C,D,E,F is annexed hereto and made a part hereof.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have duly executed this lease as of the
day and year first above written, each acknowledging receipt of an executed copy
hereof.

Signed, sealed and delivered                   LANDLORD
in the presence of:                       Barrett Family Partnership I, Ltd.

/s/                              By: /s/ Cheryl J. Cornelius
- ----------------------               ---------------------------------
Witness                              Cheryl J. Cornelius, as agent for

                                       17

Barrett Family Partnership I, Ltd.
/s/
- ----------------------
Witness

Signed, sealed and delivered                   TENANT
in the presence of:

/s/                              By: /s/ Eric Seidel
- ----------------------               ----------------------
Witness

                                     eAUTOCLAIMS.COM

/s/                                  ERIC SEIDEL, PRESIDENT / CEO
- ----------------------               ----------------------------
Witness                                    Print Name

                                       18

</EX-10.71>

<EX-10.72>
 3
 eauto061137_ex10-72.txt
 PEO CONTRACT

Exhibit 10.72

CLIENT SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Client Services Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by and between ADP
TotalSource, Inc. and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to which it may
assign this Agreement or a portion thereof (TotalSource), and
__________________________ (Client). This Agreement is effective as of 12:01
a.m. of the first day of the first payroll period for which TotalSource
processes the payroll (the Effective Date). Before entering into this Agreement,
Client provided TotalSource with information to assess whether Client was an
appropriate candidate for TotalSource's services. Client represents that the
information provided was and continues to be accurate and complete as of the
Effective Date.

Because this Agreement begins with the Effective Date, Client acknowledges that
it is solely responsible for any employment-related investigation, demand,
claim, and/or litigation that existed, accrued, or relates to facts or
circumstances which occurred before the Effective Date. Client acknowledges that
such responsibility includes, but is not limited to, payment of attorney's fees,
investigation costs, damages, liability, or similar charges, costs, or expenses,
and that the LEGAL DEFENSE BENEFIT, SECTION (11), is not available under these
circumstances.

(1) THE PARTIES' RELATIONSHIP WITH EACH OTHER AND WITH THE WORKSITE EMPLOYEES.
The parties intend to create an arrangement so that TotalSource, as the
Professional Employer Organization (PEO), can provide human resources Services
(defined in SECTION (5)) to Client (the PEO Relationship). In the PEO
Relationship the parties share in certain responsibilities and allocate such
responsibilities among each other as described in this Agreement. With respect
to the allocation of responsibilities regarding the Worksite Employees (Worksite
Employees is defined in SECTION (2)), TotalSource will have sufficient authority
so as to maintain a right of direction and control over Worksite Employees
assigned to Client's location, and will retain the authority to hire, terminate,
discipline, and reassign Worksite Employees. Client will, however, retain
sufficient direction and control over the Worksite Employees as is necessary to
conduct Client's business and without which Client would be unable to conduct
its business, discharge any fiduciary responsibility that it may have, or comply
with any applicable licensure, regulatory, or statutory requirement of Client.
Client's authority includes the right to accept or cancel the assignment of any
Worksite Employee. Additionally, Client will have sole and exclusive control
over the day-to-day job duties of Worksite Employees and over the job site at
which, or from which, Worksite Employees perform their services. Client
expressly absolves TotalSource of liability which results from control over the
Worksite Employee's day-to-day job duties and the job site at which, or from
which, Worksite Employees perform their services. Further, Client retains full
responsibility for its business, products, and services, worksite premises,
property, and any actions by any third party, contractor, independent contractor
or non-Worksite Employee. Client acknowledges that TotalSource has the right to
retain and reassign a Worksite Employee who has been terminated by Client.

(2) EMPLOYMENT OF THE WORKSITE EMPLOYEES; NON-SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES. The
term "Worksite Employees" means individuals hired by TotalSource and assigned to
Client's worksite, after the individuals have satisfactorily completed
TotalSource pre-employment paperwork; and background screen(s), as necessary.
Client agrees to submit to TotalSource the completed TotalSource pre-employment
paperwork no later than two (2) business days after the date Client selects the
person for employment as a Worksite Employee. The term excludes 1) those
employees hired by TotalSource to perform services for TotalSource and not
assigned to any Client's worksite (i.e., TotalSource Corporate Employees), and
2) independent contractors or individuals who may be providing services to
Client through any other arrangement entered into solely by Client. TotalSource
will notify all Worksite Employees in writing about the PEO arrangement at the
beginning and end of this Agreement. During this Agreement, both Client and
TotalSource will employ each Worksite Employee. This Agreement does not change
the underlying employment relationship between any Worksite Employee and Client
that existed prior to or may be created after the Effective Date. Further, this
Agreement does not create any rights for any Worksite Employee that did not
previously exist (e.g., creating an employment contract with the Worksite
Employee). Any responsibility and/or liability with regard to any employment
contracts, including agreements for severance, commissions, vacation, paid time
off accruals, and bonus payments (Employment Agreements) between Client and any
Worksite Employee remains the exclusive responsibility and liability of Client
(such as the negotiation, performance, compliance, interpretation, renewal,
enforcement, and termination of such Employment Agreements). TotalSource's
involvement with respect to any Employment Agreement is limited to processing
Worksite Employee payroll in conformity with information provided by Client.
Client agrees not to solicit for employment, directly or indirectly, TotalSource
Corporate Employees during this Agreement and for a period of one year
subsequent to the termination of this Agreement. TotalSource agrees not to
solicit Client's Worksite Employees to become TotalSource Corporate Employees,
directly or indirectly, during this Agreement and for a period of one year
subsequent to the termination of this Agreement.

(3) RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTIES; MUTUAL DUTY TO COOPERATE. (3)(A) GENERAL
PROVISIONS. In recognition of the effort necessary to provide the services
described in this Agreement, both parties agree to cooperate with each other.
The parties acknowledge that the duty to cooperate is a material term of this
Agreement. TotalSource agrees to inform Client about potential and actual
employee issues as they arise to the extent TotalSource knows about the issues.
The duty to cooperate survives the termination or expiration of this Agreement
if there is an employment-related claim, demand, or litigation based on a cause
of action that arose during this Agreement. The duty to cooperate does not apply
to any claim in which the parties are litigating against each other.

(3)(B) SPECIFIC DUTIES: Client agrees that it will cooperate with TotalSource as
reasonably necessary, including but not limited to the specific duties described
below.

(3)(B)(1) REPORTING TO TOTALSOURCE. Promptly upon the occurrence or discovery of
the information, Client agrees to accurately inform TotalSource about issues
relating to the Worksite Employees, including hours worked; complaints,
allegations, threats, or incidents of tortious misconduct, or workplace safety
violations; work-related injuries or accidents; change in job functions and
duties; any misclassifications regarding workers' compensation; change in
worksite safety exposure; union organizational activities; claims of harassment
or unfair treatment; or any employment-related claims (whether oral or written),
charges, lawsuits, governmental investigations or audits, etc., involving the
Worksite Employee(s) whether threatened or filed against TotalSource, Client, or
both parties. Client also agrees to timely and accurately inform TotalSource
about Worksite Employee changes in status such as leaves of absences, reduction
in hours from full time to part time, new hires, and terminations.

(3)(B)(2) COOPERATION WITH TOTALSOURCE. Client agrees to cooperate with
TotalSource in addressing employee issues, including but not limited to,
implementing policies and procedures recommended by TotalSource, participating
in employment-related investigations, providing training to Worksite Employees
regarding employment issues (e.g., anti-harassment, diversity, etc.), assisting
in resolving employee complaints and/or in the defense of employment-related
claims, and taking the steps required for workplace safety, etc.

(3)(B)(3) ACCESS TO THE WORKSITE(S) AND INFORMATION. Client agrees to give
TotalSource (or its designated agents) reasonable access to the worksite(s), and
to Worksite Employees information, data, files, etc. Client agrees that
TotalSource has the right to audit such information and to periodically examine
the premises.

(3)(B)(4) CONSULTING WITH TOTALSOURCE. Client agrees to consult with TotalSource
before taking any employment action, including but not limited to, hiring,
firing, promoting, etc. (whether oral or written) regarding any Worksite
Employee.

(3)(B)(5) PROVIDING NOTICE TO TOTALSOURCE. Client agrees to give TotalSource ten
(10) days' written notice before (a) making an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, (b) filing for relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or (c) seeking
the appointment of a receiver. Client agrees that it will give TotalSource at
least ten (10) days' written notice before a notification under the federal
Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) or comparable state
laws (e.g., plant closing or massive layoff) is required to be given by Client
to the Worksite Employees. Client acknowledges that it assumes all liability and
costs associated with the failure to provide TotalSource with sufficient notice
so that TotalSource may give the Worksite Employees any required notices.

(4) CONFIDENTIALITY; PROPRIETARY INFORMATION; INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, AND
PRIVACY. (4)(A) GENERAL PROVISIONS. The parties agree to the mutual duty to
maintain the confidentiality of the information of the other. The parties agree
that each will treat confidentially any information identified by the other as
being confidential, proprietary, and/or trade secrets (Confidential Information)
and to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information with the
same degree of care that each party treats its own Confidential Information,
which will be no less than commercially reasonable care. The parties will also
cause their employees, officers, directors, owners, and affiliates that receive
Confidential Information to comply with this confidentiality provision. The
parties agree not to disclose Confidential Information to any third party
(except for those attorneys, accountants, and other representatives with a
need-to-know, provided that the disclosing party will cause the third party to
comply with the confidentiality obligations contained in this Agreement to the
same extent as applicable to the disclosing party) unless a more stringent
standard is required by law, in which case the more stringent standard will
apply. The parties agree that this Agreement and all TotalSource materials used
to perform the duties of this Agreement are Confidential Information. Each party
agrees to implement and maintain commercially reasonable measures to physically
and electronically protect Confidential Information, as applicable. Upon
termination of this Agreement, Client agrees to promptly return to TotalSource
all of TotalSource's Confidential Information and intellectual property
described in SUBSECTION (4)(B)(2) below. If this Agreement is terminated or
expires, this provision survives for five (5) years after such event or until
the Confidential Information becomes known to the general public. Confidential
Information does not include information already in the public domain. It will
not be a breach of this Agreement to provide Confidential Information pursuant
to a court order, government investigation, or subpoena provided only the
specifically required Confidential Information is disclosed. The parties
specifically acknowledge that money damages alone may not be an adequate remedy
for any damage suffered as a result of a breach of this provision and,
therefore, an injunction or similar relief may be appropriate to enforce this
provision.

(4)(B)(1) CLIENT'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. The parties acknowledge that Client is
the owner of any intellectual property rights existing before or created by the
Worksite Employee(s} during this Agreement relating to Client's business,
including inventions, patents, copyrights, and trade secrets. Client, as owner
of the intellectual property, is responsible for ensuring such property is
protected and is responsible for the payment of any associated costs.

(4)(B)(2) TOTALSOURCE'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Client acknowledges that all
computer programs, hardware, including time clocks, P.C. entry systems, and
related documentation TotalSource makes available to Client (TotalSource
Products) are Confidential Information and are the exclusive property of
TotalSource or any third party from which TotalSource has secured the right to
use such products. TotalSource and/or such third parties own all right and title
to all copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, and other
proprietary rights in their applicable logos, product names, and TotalSource
Products. TotalSource grants Client a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable
license for the term of this Agreement to any application program included in
the TotalSource Products (the Application Programs) provided that it is only
used for Client's business and only for the term of this Agreement. Client
acknowledges that it has no interest in the Application Programs except the
license granted under this Agreement. At no additional cost unless otherwise
indicated in this Agreement or any attachments, TotalSource will provide,
subject to the license described in this Section, Client with all improvements,
enhancements, modifications, and updates to the Application Programs if and as
they are made generally available by TotalSource. Client agrees to use the
current release of the TotalSource Products on the hardware indicated by
TotalSource. Client agrees not to make any alteration, change, or modification
to any of the TotalSource Products or Application programs. Client agrees not to
recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or make or distribute any
other form of, or any derivative work from the TotalSource Products or
Application Programs. Client may Copy the TotalSource Products for back-up
purposes only.

(4)(B)(3) PRIVACY. TotalSource and Client agree to abide by all applicable
privacy laws with respect to information regarding the Worksite Employees and
information of each other, which is subject to such privacy laws, including
information not deemed to be Confidential Information pursuant to SECTION (4)(A)
above.

(5) TOTALSOURCE'S SERVICES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. TotalSource will provide Client
and the Worksite Employees with human resources Services, maintenance of
Worksite Employee records, and related administrative Services described in this
SECTION (5) SERVICES. To provide the Services and fulfill the responsibilities
described in this Section, Client agrees that it must provide TotalSource with
the necessary information and ability to furnish such Services or fulfill such
responsibilities as required in SECTIONS (3), MUTUAL DUTY TO COOPERATE AND (6),
CLIENT'S RESPONSIBILITIES. Client acknowledges that TotalSource's provision of
its Services is dependent upon the completeness, accuracy, and timeliness of the
information that Client provides to TotalSource.

(5)(A) TOTALSOURCE'S RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING THE PAYMENT OF WAGES. As the PEO,
TotalSource assumes responsibility for paying wages to Worksite Employees
without regard to payment by Client to TotalSource. TotalSource also assumes
full responsibility for the collection and payment of payroll taxes on the
Worksite Employees' compensation. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, TotalSource will not be responsible for paying wages to Worksite
Employees that relate to severance, bonuses, commissions, vacation time off
accrual programs, incentives, or other comparable forms of compensation
(Nonstandard Wages) in the event Client fails to make payment to TotalSource for
the appropriate amounts of the Nonstandard Wages.

(5)(B) TOTALSOURCE'S GUIDANCE REGARDING EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES. TotalSource will
provide Client guidance regarding commercially accepted human resource practices
and compliance with the various federal, state, or local employment laws, such
as anti-discrimination laws (e.g., Title VII, the Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA), the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, etc.); the Fair Labor Standards Act. (FLSA);
the Immigration and Nationality Act and the Immigration Reform and Control Act
as it applies to completion of the 1-9 forms and employer sanctions, the
Consumer Credit Protection Act; and the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA).
Client acknowledges that TotalSource does not provide such guidance with respect
to international laws. Client understands and acknowledges that any guidance is
not intended to be and does not constitute legal advice.

(5)(C) WORKERS' COMPENSATION COVERAGE. During this Agreement, TotalSource will
maintain workers' compensation coverage for each Worksite Employee in accordance
with the laws of the states in which TotalSource provides services under this
Agreement. TotalSource is also responsible for the management of workers'
compensation claims, claims filings, and related procedures.

(5)(D) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS. (5)(D)(1) GROUP HEALTH AND OTHER RELATED BENEFITS. Any
group health and other related benefits (e.g., dental, vision) the parties
decide to offer the Worksite Employees through a TotalSource sponsored plan are
described on the Employee Benefit Addendum. Worksite Employees offered such
benefits must meet the eligibility requirements under the applicable plan and
governing laws. TotalSource will provide COBRA benefits to those eligible
Worksite Employees after the Effective Date and will include Client's
pre-Effective Date COBRA participants with COBRA benefits provided the following
conditions are met: a) the participants were eligible and covered under Client's
plan on the day before the Effective Date, b) all of Client's employees become
Worksite Employees, c) Client terminates the group health plan covering these
employees, and d) the Worksite Employees immediately thereafter become covered
under a TotalSource-sponsored group health plan. Such coverage will be in
accordance with the COBRA rules. If these conditions are not met, Client
continues to be responsible for providing COBRA coverage to these individuals.
Client agrees that, if a Worksite Employee is on a leave of absence or not
earning sufficient wages to cover the benefits deductions. Client agrees to pay
the costs associated for those benefits and any additional benefits not
otherwise paid through wages. Upon termination of the Agreement and after Client
has obtained comparable replacement coverage for the Worksite Employees, which
Client Agrees to provide under SECTION(10)(A), TotalSource will cease providing
COBRA coverage.

(5)(D)(2) QUALIFIED PLANS (401(K) PLAN). Any 401(k) plan the parties decide to
offer to the Worksite Employees is described on the 401(k) Adoption Agreement.
If Client offers equity-based compensation plans (e.g., stock option or employee
stock purchase plan) to the Worksite Employees, the responsibilities associated
with those plans will be described in the Equity-Based Compensation Plan
Addendum.

(5)(E) WORKSITE SAFETY. TotalSource agrees to provide Client with guidance
regarding the Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) and comparable state or
local laws, regulations, or ordinances with respect to the Worksite Employees.
TotalSource retains a right of direction and control over the management of
safety, risk, and hazard control at the worksite affecting the Worksite
Employees, including responsibililty for performing safety inspections of Client
equipment and premises, and promulgating employment and safety policies. Client
acknowledges that TotalSource is not responsible for providing such Services as
it relates to Client's guests, invitees, independent contractors, or other third
parties.

(5)(F) THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT. TotalSource agrees to provide human
resource guidance regarding the National Labor Relations Act except as it
relates to organizational efforts by a union, negotiating a collective
bargaining agreement (CBA), the processing of grievances or arbitrations under a
CBA, and handling unfair labor practice charges. The parties acknowledge that
Client exercises control over the primary terms and conditions of employment
and, therefore, would be the sole party to any CBA in the event one is
negotiated. TotalSource acknowledges that any union certified as the Worksite
Employees' representative is the exclusive bargaining representative for that
particular group of Worksite Employees, and TotalSource will not interfere with
the bargaining relationship. Although TotalSource is not and will not be a party
to any CBA between Client and a union, during this Agreement, TotalSource will
not interfere with the terms and conditions of any valid CBA whether in
existence before or after the Effective Date.

(5)(G) EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES LIABILITY INSURANCE. TotalSource agrees to provide
an Employment Practices Liability (EPL) insurance policy with an endorsement
that extends coverage to Client for claims brought by a Worksite Employee
against Client alleging wrongful employment practices, as defined in the policy.
Client's coverage is subject to annual aggregate limits (including limits
applicable to claims in the aggregate made by all TotalSource clients and
against TotalSource) and deductibles, among other terms and conditions contained
in the policy. The terms of the EPL insurance policy govern the rights of the
parties in the event there is a conflict between this Agreement and the policy.
TotalSource reserves the right to change the EPL policy terms, cancel, and/or to
decide to self-insure any EPL coverage after notifying Client.

(6) CLIENT'S RESPONSIBILITIES. Client agrees that it is responsible for
complying with the laws affecting or regulating its business, Worksite
Employees, independent contractors, etc. Client recognizes that TotalSource's
provision of Services does not relieve Client of responsibility and liability
for those matters over which it has control. Client also understands that there
may be laws that apply because of the PEO arrangement with which Client must now
comply (e.g., FMLA). Given that possibility, Client agrees to comply with those
laws.

(6)(A) FOLLOWING TOTALSOURCE'S POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. Client agrees to (i)
follow TotalSource's policies and procedures pertaining to the Worksite
Employees, such as those relating to worksite safety, requests for leave,
workers' compensation injuries, terminations, etc.; (ii) pay for the expense
associated with background checks as set forth in the Pricing Addendum; and
(iii) use TotalSource-provided employment forms.

(6)(B) WAGE AND HOUR LAWS. Client is responsible for setting the level of wages
to be paid at or above the applicable minimum wage and/or salary requirements.
Client agrees to (i) provide TotalSource with complete and correct information
regarding hours worked, job classifications, exempt and non-exempt status, and
other data needed to compute accurately wages, taxes, etc.; (ii) collect,
verify, and transmit to TotalSource's administrative office not less than three
(3) business days before each payroll date any information required to determine
accurately the amount due to the Worksite Employees and TotalSource; and (iii)
promptly make any necessary corrections to correct a violation of the FLSA or
comparable state laws. Client acknowledges that it remains responsible for
compliance with the FLSA.

(6)(C) COMPLIANCE WITH THE ADA AND OTHER COMPARABLE LAWS. Because the ADA and
comparable laws impose affirmative obligations on employers to provide a
reasonable accommodation to a qualified individual with a disability and to make
a public facility reasonably accessible, Client is responsible for complying
with these laws and associated costs. Client acknowledges that it, and not
TotalSource, is responsible for complying with Title III of the ADA (i.e.,
public access to facilities).

(6)(D) WORKERS' COMPENSATION. Client agrees to immediately inform TotalSource of
all workplace accidents, injuries, and workers' compensation code
misclassifications. To contain the cost of workers' compensation insurance,
Client agrees to participate in a modified duty program. Modified duty, light
duty, or transitional work are terms used to describe the type of work an
injured employee is able to perform within the physical limitations set by an
authorized treating physician. Client agrees that, during this Agreement, it
will not employ anyone not covered by this Agreement (e.g., non-Worksite
Employees) without TotalSource's knowledge. Client agrees that, if it hires
non-Worksite Employees, it will obtain full workers' compensation coverage (or
in the case of contracting with independent contractors. Client will require its
independent contractors to enter into independent contractor agreements with
Client and to maintain workers' compensation coverage). Under these
circumstances, Client also agrees to provide TotalSource with a certificate
naming it as a certificate holder, obtain a labor contractor endorsement (or the
equivalent) in favor of TotalSource, and require that Client's insurer notify
TotalSource in advance of any termination of coverage.

(6)(E) WORKSITE SAFETY. If Client is mandated by law, is required by
TotalSource, or elects to participate in TotalSource's drug-free workplace
program, then Client agrees to comply with the TotalSource Drug-Free Workplace
Policy. Because Client controls the worksite, Client agrees to pay for, provide,
and ensure the Worksite Employee's use of any equipment required by law or
reasonably required by TotalSource or its insurers for worksite safety. Client
acknowledges that although TotalSource provides Services to Client regarding
worksite safety as indicated in SECTION (5)(E), Client, as the worksite
employer, remains responsible for the safety of the Worksite Employees at the
worksite(s) from which work is performed. Client agrees to immediately notify
TotalSource of any unsafe working conditions. If TotalSource informs Client of
an unsafe working condition or a violation of any applicable law or if Client
becomes aware of such an event. Client agrees to take the necessary steps to
rectify the unsafe condition or correct the violation. If the unsafe condition
or violation of law presents an imminent danger of death or serious physical
injury, Client agrees to immediately cease such activity or rectify such
condition. Client's failure to take such action constitutes Cause as defined in
Term; Termination, SECTION(10). Client agrees that it will maintain commercially
reasonable security measures to protect the Worksite Employees. Client
acknowledges that it is solely responsible for Workplace Safety as it relates to
Clients' invitees, guests, independent contractors, or other third parties.

(6)(F) THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT. Client acknowledges that it is solely
responsible for deciding whether to operate as a union or a non-union business
as well as being involved with a union organizing campaign and/or election,
negotiating a CBA, and the processing of grievances and arbitrations under a
CBA, as applicable. If Client is a signatory to a CBA or becomes a signatory
during this Agreement, Client acknowledges that it and the applicable union(s)
will be required to enter into a Memorandum of Understanding with TotalSource.
Client agrees that it has the sole responsibility for making or paying
contributions to any multiemployer pension and/or welfare plan to which it may
have agreed or will agree to make pursuant to a CBA. The parties agree that
TotalSource is not and will not become a paying entity or contributing employer
within the meaning of the Multiemployer Pension Plan Amendment Act (the Act) and
does not and will not have any withdrawal liability under the Act or comparable
law.

(6)(G) WORKSITE EMPLOYEES' PERFORMANCE. Client acknowledges that TotalSource
does not direct, supervise, or control the day-to-day operations of Client's
business and, therefore, cannot guarantee the performance of the Worksite
Employees. Client is responsible for ensuring that a Worksite Employee is
licensed of supervised by a licensed individual as required by law. Client will
pay for the costs associated with obtaining such license and assumes
responsibility if the Worksite Employee is not properly licensed. Further,
because Client controls its business affairs, it acknowledges that TotalSource
is not responsible for any loss of revenue, product, or business; any loss due
to the misuse, destruction, misappropriation, theft, conversion, or embezzlement
of personal, real, or intellectual property of Client or its customers; or any
injury to Client or a third party due to any act or omission of a Worksite
Employee.

(6)(H) INSURANCE. During this Agreement, Client agrees to maintain (i)
commercial general liability Insurance coverage for all premises, completed
operations, and products which relate to the Worksite Employees, including
blanket contractual liability coverage or contractual liability coverage
specifically covering this Agreement; (ii) comprehensive automobile liability
insurance (including any personal injury protection required by any applicable
state's "no-fault" laws) covering bodily injury and property damage resulting
from a Worksite Employee's use of Client-owned, non-owned, or hired vehicle;
(iii) any specialized liability insurance pertaining to the nature of Client's
business (e.g., marine liabilitiy insurance) as is customary for Client's
industry or as required by law; and (iv) employee dishonesty (fidelity) and
computer crime coverage (for losses arising out of or in connection with any
fraudulent or dishonest acts committed by Worksite Employees, acting alone or in
collusion with others). Client agrees that it will obtain the above insurance
policies with a minimum limit of $500,000 per occurrence (or such other amounts
as TotalSource reasonably requires), which names TotalSource as an additional
insured, and gives TotalSource thirty (30) days' written notice before
cancellation. All such insurance coverage will

be primary in the event of an occurrence for which both Client and TotalSource
have insurance coverage, and any TotalSource insurance will be excess and
non-contributory. Client agrees to give TotalSource a certificate of insurance
indicating the above coverage when TotalSource reasonably requests. Client also
agrees that it will not permit any of its insurers to materially modify the
terms of any insurance discussed above without TotalSource's prior written
consent.

(6)(I) IMMIGRATION LAWS. Client acknowledges that it will be the sponsoring
employer for purposes of petitioning or applying for immigration visas for the
employment of an alien selected for hire as a Worksite Employee. Client further
acknowledges that it is responsible for appropriately completing and retaining
Form I-9 from each Worksite Employee in accordance with TotalSource policies and
procedures. Because of the legal complexities, Client understands that it is
responsible for obtaining or maintaining any necessary visas and associated
costs. In the event of a government I-9 investigation, Client agrees to
immediately provide TotalSource with original I-9 Forms so that TotalSource may
respond to such government investigation on a timely basis.

(6)(J) WORKSITE EMPLOYEES WORKING IN OTHER STATES; WORKSITE EMPLOYEES WORKING IN
OTHER COUNTRIES. Client agrees to inform TotalSource of the states in which
Client has worksites and in which Worksite Employees will be based to perform
work. Client agrees to abide by applicable state laws in which Worksite
Employees perform work, including but not limited to the specific state laws
indicated in the Multi-State Addendum. Client agrees that it will not assign any
Worksite Employees to work outside of the United States in excess of a
three-month period, in the aggregate, in any year. Client acknowledges that
Worksite Employees working in other countries for periods greater than three
months, in the aggregate, in any given year, cannot participate in the PEO
Relationship and will not be covered by this Agreement. Because the laws of
other countries are so varied and so unique, Client acknowledges that
TotalSource will not provide its employment practices guidance Services to
Worksite Employees while the Worksite Employees are working in other countries.

(6)(K) WORKSITE EMPLOYEES WORKING AT LOCATIONS NOT OWNED BY CLIENT; OTHER
EMPLOYERS. Client agrees that regardless of where the Worksite Employees are
assigned to perform work, Client continues to be responsible for the safety of
the Worksite Employees in accordance with this Agreement. Client agrees that it
will not assign or permit any Worksite Employee to work at any unsafe worksite
at any time. Client further agrees that it will not assign any Worksite
Employees to work as an employee for any other company, even if such company is
within the same control group of Client, unless TotalSource consents to such
assignment in writing.

(6)(L) EMPLOYMENT TAXES. Client agrees not to make any taxable payment of any
kind, except profit sharing or pension plan distributions pursuant to the terms
of a qualified plan, to any Worksite Employee without TotalSource's consent.
Notwithstanding the above, Client agrees that it is solely responsible for
reporting compensation and taxes associated with any equity-based compensation
plans, including stock options or employee stock purchase plans.

(6)(M) INTERNET USAGE OF TOTALSOURCE WEBSITE; ACCESS; SECURITY; ELECTRONIC
TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION. TotalSource makes available to Client and Worksite
Employees various internet products (e.g. electronic payroll reporting and
production of payroll reports) to enable Client and Worksite Employees to more
efficiently access desired human resources related information and provide
applicable information to TotalSource as part of the PEO Relationship. With
respect to Client's use of TotalSource's suite of internet products, Client
agrees that it is responsible for (i) the accuracy and completeness of the
information it provides to TotalSource; (ii) designating which Worksite
Employees will have the authority and ability to access and change information
regarding Client and the Worksite Employees; (iii) providing virus free
transmission of information; (iv) maintaining the privacy of the content
accessed by Client; (v) maintaining the privacy of user I.D.s, passwords, and
security keys, as applicable; (vi) informing TotalSource immediately of any
security breaches in the transmission or accessing of information; and (vii) the
proper usage of the TotalSource software applications. Client acknowledges that
TotalSource is not responsible for any breaches of security or interceptions of
information occurring by third parties or Worksite Employees.

(6)(N) SELF EMPLOYED INDIVIDUALS; CLIENT NON-EMPLOYEE OWNERS. Client agrees to
identify all Self Employed Individuals (SEIs) to TotalSource, which include but
are not limited to, partners, Limited Liability Company members, and 2% or more
owners of 5-Corporations, and acknowledges that all such SEIs will be required
to sign SEI forms providing TotalSource with the information necessary to
process payroll and acknowledging the respective individual tax responsibility
of such SEIs. Client acknowledges that any individual owners of Client who do
not work on behalf of Client as full time employees of Client (Non-Employee
Owners), may not participate in the PEO Relationship with TotalSource, may not
receive any of TotalSource's Services, and will not be considered Worksite
Employees covered by this Agreement.

(7) PAYMENT. (7)(A) PAYMENT AMOUNT. Client agrees to pay TotalSource the
amount(s) specified in the Pricing Addendum. TotalSource agrees that it will not
adjust the pricing for the first year of this Agreement, except for the portion
of the fee relating to employee benefits and the portion of the fee relating to
state and federal taxes. With respect to the benefits portion of the fee,
benefits will always adjust in accordance with the benefit plan or insurance
policy renewal or anniversary date. With respect to the state and federal tax
portion of the fee, (e.g. state unemployment insurance), the fee may be adjusted
in accordance with state and federal increases, as applicable. Thereafter, the
pricing may be adjusted with thirty (30) days' written notice. Client
acknowledges that TotalSource retains any Section 125 savings as part of its
service fee. Client acknowledges that, if TotalSource consents to the hiring of
new individuals who should be classified in workers' compensation codes not
previously listed, the pricing will be adjusted accordingly. TotalSource retains
the discretion to adjust the price if the information Client gave before
executing this Agreement (e.g., gross payroll, workers' compensation
classification codes, etc.) changed from the time TotalSource gave Client a
quote. In the event a Worksite Employee is discovered to be misclassified by
either TotalSource or Client, TotalSource will adjust the price in accordance
with the appropriate class code change on a prospective basis only. If a
misclassification is due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of either
party, TotalSource will adjust the price in accordance with the appropriate
class code change retroactive to the beginning of the policy year in effect at
the time of the misclassification correction.

(7)(B) PAYMENT TERMS. Client agrees to pay TotalSource's invoice no later than
forty-eight (48) hours before Client's regularly scheduled payroll. Client
agrees to pay by Automatic Clearing House (ACH) debit transfer and agrees to
complete the necessary forms so that payment may be processed in this fashion.
TotalSource, in its sole discretion, may require Client to pay the invoice
through certified or cashier's check, or cash on delivery (COD) or other means.
Client agrees to have sufficient funds in its designated bank account to satisfy
any amounts then due to TotalSource and hereby provides TotalSource with a
security interest in such funds. Client also agrees that any deposit provided to
TotalSource with respect to this Agreement is provided with a security interest
to TotalSource in such deposit. Client acknowledges that any amounts earned on
such funds held by TotalSource belong to TotalSource. Client acknowledges that
it is responsible for all taxes, if any, arising out of the execution and
performance of this Agreement. Any amount not paid when due accrues interest
from the date due at a rate of 1 1/2% per month (but not to exceed the maximum
allowable by law). Client agrees that, if it fails to pay an invoice when due,
TotalSource has the discretion to pay Client's owners and/or officers the FLSA
or state minimum wage or salary instead of the regular wage or salary.

(8) MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. (8)(A) THE PARTIES' AUTHORITY TO EXECUTE THIS
AGREEMENT. The parties represent that each is a legal entity authorized to
conduct business in the state where the services of this Agreement will be
performed and that the officers who sign on behalf of the party are duly
authorized to enter into this Agreement.

(8)(B) THE SCOPE OF CLIENT'S AUTHORITY. The parties acknowledge that neither is
an agent of the other. Each agree that it will not hold itself out as an agent
of the other, directly or indirectly. Neither party is authorized to bind the
other in any fashion (either through representations or actions) unless such act
is specifically authorized and ratified by the other in writing. However, Client
acknowledges and agrees TotalSource may act on the behalf of Client as
contemplated by this Agreement.

(8)(C) ASSIGNMENT; ACQUISITIONS BY CLIENT; THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. This Agreement is
a personal services contract and is not transferable or assignable by Client
without TotalSource's written consent. Client cannot assign the services of a
Worksite Employee to anyone without TotalSource's prior written consent. For
purposes of this Agreement, a merger or acquisition of Client will constitute a
transfer. If Client merges with another entity, is acquired by another company,
or undergoes a change of control, TotalSource may immediately terminate this
Agreement or may continue providing Services pursuant to this Agreement. In its
determination of whether to

continue providing Services, TotalSource may require the new entity(ies), as
applicable, to undergo an evaluation process, including but not limited to
creditworthiness. If TotalSource decides to continue to provide its Services to
Client under the new corporate structure of Client, TotalSource may require the
new entity(ies), as applicable, to sign a new Client Services Agreement and/or
guarantee payment to TotalSource. In the event Client determines not to continue
its relationship with TotalSource, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, Client will continue to be obligated under SECTION (10) to provide
TotalSource with the proper notice of its intent to terminate. The parties
acknowledge that the performance of the Services contemplated by this Agreement
may be done by any of TotalSource's subsidiaries or affiliates as TotalSource
deems appropriate. In the event that any law or regulation requires an
assignment of this Agreement or a portion thereof, Client consents to such
assignment to the applicable TotalSource subsidiary or affiliate performing the
Services contemplated by this Agreement or a portion thereof. This Agreement is
for the mutual benefit of the parties and does not create rights of any kind in
any third party.

(8)(D) INTEGRATION; MODIFICATION; WAIVER. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter contained in this
Agreement and supersedes any other agreement between them, whether oral or
written. Any modification to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the
party against which enforcement is to be sought. Failure by either party to act
when required or to claim a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not
be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach.

(8)(E) REMEDIES NOT EXCLUSIVE; SEVERABILITY. The rights and remedies provided by
this Agreement are not exclusive. Either party is entitled to any rights or
remedies created by law (whether currently existing or created in the future) as
well as those contained in this Agreement. Institution of an action to collect
payment of an amount in default at law or the obtaining of a judgment in such
action shall not be deemed to be an election of remedies by TotalSource. Such
action will not prevent TotalSource from pursuing other remedies available to it
at law or in equity. Should any part of this Agreement be held to be invalid or
unenforceable, the balance of this Agreement remains in force and stands as if
the unenforceable part did not exist.

(8)(F) GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in
accordance with, the laws of Florida, both substantive and remedial, without
reference to the choice of law principles. All suits and special proceedings
arising out of this Agreement must be brought in the courts in and for
Miami-Dade County, Florida. Each party agrees to the exercise of personal
jurisdiction by any court of competent jurisdiction described above.

(8)(G) ATTORNEY'S FEES AND COSTS. In the event of any litigation arising out of
or related to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to an award
of reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred at all trial and appellate
levels.

(8)(H) ATTACHMENT; COUNTERPARTS; NOTICE; CAPTIONS. Any Addendum described in
this Agreement is specifically incorporated into and made a part of this
Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of
which will constitute an original but taken together constitute an entire
agreement. Any notice by this Agreement shall be delivered to TotalSource and to
Client at the respective address and person designated below. The captions in
this Agreement are provided for convenience only and are not part of the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

(8)(I) SURVIVAL. No termination or expiration of this Agreement affects or
impairs any obligations, duties, indemnities, and liabilities of either party
that, by their nature continue beyond termination, or the rights of TotalSource
relating to any unpaid obligations. Such obligations, duties, indemnities, and
liabilities shall not terminate or expire, but rather survive such termination
or expiration and continue in full force and effect until the longer of (i) such
time as all the obligations have been paid in full, or (ii) such time as is
expressly provided in this Agreement.

(8)(J) FORCE MAJEURE. Except for the payment of fees responsibilities under
SECTION (7), neither party will be liable for its failure to perform under this
Agreement due to: fire, war, acts of God, civil disturbances, terrorism, acts of
civil or military authorities, fuel or energy shortages or power failures.

(9) INDEMNIFICATION. (9)(A) GENERAL PROVISIONS. The parties agree that the
indemnification provisions contained in this Section apply to claims, expenses,
or liabilities for which one of the parties is solely liable and/or for which
the parties are jointly liable. In the event of joint liability, if either party
pays funds in connection with a claim, expense, or liability which is subject to
the indemnification provision in excess of its pro-rata share, the other party
will indemnify and promptly pay the other party for the excess amount. Each
party agrees to notify promptly the other of any claim or judgment to which the
indemnification provision may apply. Further, the parties agree not to settle
any claim to which the indemnity provision may apply or in which the parties are
both named without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent
will not be unreasonably withheld. Neither party will be liable to the other
party for special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages. Each party's
indemnification provision survives the termination or expiration of this
Agreement.

(9)(B) TOTALSOURCE'S INDEMNIFICATION. TotalSource agrees to indemnify, protect,
defend, release, and hold harmless Client, its parent(s), subsidiaries,
affiliates, directors, officers, and agents from and against any and all
liability, expenses, losses, and claims for damages arising from or in
connection with (i) any actions or inactions of the Worksite Employees,
TotalSource's Corporate Employees, officers, directors, agents or independent
contractors while under TotalSource's direction, supervision, or control; (ii)
TotalSource's breach of this Agreement; or (iii) TotalSource's negligent,
fraudulent, willful, or reckless performance or non-performance of any of its
responsibilities described in this Agreement.

(9)(C) CLIENT'S INDEMNIFICATION. Client agrees to indemnify, protect, defend,
release, and hold harmless TotalSource, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates,
directors, officers, and agents from and against any and all liability,
expenses, losses, and claims for damages arising from or in connection with (i)
actions or inactions of the Worksite Employees, Client's officers, directors,
agents, or independent contractors while under Client's direction, supervision,
or control; (ii) Client's breach of this Agreement; or (iii) Client's negligent,
fraudulent, willful, or reckless performance or non-performance of any of the
responsibilities described in this Agreement.

(10) TERM; TERMINATION. This Agreement has an initial one (1) year term starting
on the Effective Date. After the first year, this Agreement renews automatically
on its anniversary date for successive one year terms. Either party may
terminate this Agreement by giving the other party thirty (30) days' written
notice or may terminate it immediately and without prior notice for Cause, as
defined below. Cause includes non-payment of any amount when due; a material
violation of law; a breach of a material term of this Agreement; a material
adverse change in Client's financial position or operations; Client's inability
to pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business; Client's
assigning Worksite Employees to operations which contain a workers' compensation
code different from that disclosed prior to executing this Agreement without
TotalSource's prior consent; filing for relief under the Bankruptcy Code;
seeking the appointment of a receiver or trustee; or dissolving the entity. Upon
termination, TotalSource has all rights and remedies available under law,
whether in law or in equity, including, but not limited to, and without further
notice or demand to Client: (i) acceleration of all obligations, together with
all accrued, unpaid charges, so that they are immediately due and payable and
may be collected immediately regardless of the due date; and (ii) to set off and
deduct any amount due from any account or deposit that Client may have with
TotalSource or other monies to which TotalSource may be entitled from Client
(including a letter of credit). Any termination shall not relieve Client of any
obligation, including but not limited to, its payment obligation to TotalSource.

(10)(A) THE PARTIES' OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION. Upon termination of this
Agreement, the PEO arrangement ends. If the termination is because of breach of
Agreement for non-payment, TotalSource has the first right to offer continued
employment to the former Worksite Employees and to reassign the individuals to
another worksite. Under all other circumstances, Client has the right to offer
continued employment to the former Worksite Employees. If Client fails to
continue employment of any person, TotalSource has the right to offer continued
employment. Client agrees to immediately notify the former Worksite Employees in
writing about the termination of this Agreement and its effect, including the
change in employment status and the fact that they are no longer covered by
TotalSource's workers' compensation policy. TotalSource will cause the
termination of all insurance policies and/or endorsements covering Client and
the Worksite Employees (e.g., workers' compensation, health coverage, EPLI,
etc.). At the termination, as the sole employer, Client becomes immediately
responsible for payroll, workers' compensation,

vacation, sick leave, employee benefits, etc., for the employees. TotalSource
will provide Client with the necessary information so that it may resume full
employer responsibilities. TotalSource is not obligated to provide this
information if the termination of this Agreement is because of non-payment. As a
result of the termination, TotalSource is responsible for offering COBRA
coverage. Upon termination of this Agreement, Client agrees that it is
responsible for obtaining comparable replacement health care coverage for the
Worksite Employees and is responsible for promptly advising TotalSource when
such coverage is obtained.

(11) THE LEGAL DEFENSE BENEFIT. Because of TotalSource's belief in its services,
TotalSource provides Client with a Legal Defense Benefit whereby TotalSource
will pay for a specified amount of Client's attorney's fees exclusive of costs
(e.g., including but not limited to travel costs, mediation expenses, deposition
transcripts, filing fees, copying fees, etc.) and disbursements subject to
conditions described in this Section. The amount of the Legal Defense Benefit is
set forth in the Pricing Addendum. This benefit is NOT insurance; it is NOT
indemnification; and it is NOT to be used as a fund to settle disputes between
Client, TotalSource, and/or a Worksite Employee (former or current).

(11)(A) CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO OBTAIN THE LEGAL DEFENSE BENEFIT. To obtain the
Legal Defense Benefit, Client must meet all of the following requirements for
each claim: 1) follow TotalSource's procedures for employment practices (both in
general and for that worksite), 2) contact TotalSource before taking an
employment-related action and follow TotalSource's recommendation(s) regarding
the incident from which the claim arose, 3) comply with this Agreement in all
material respects, 4) accept TotalSource's choice of counsel, and 5) cooperate
with chosen legal counsel. If Client prefers to select its own counsel, it is
free to do so, but in that event, the Legal Defense Benefit will not be
available to cover the legal fees associated with that selection. If there is a
conflict of interest between Client and TotalSource, this benefit is not
available. Further, the Legal Defense Benefit will no longer be available if
TotalSource, in its sole discretion, determines that a reasonable settlement is
possible and Client refuses to settle. Under those circumstances, Client becomes
responsible for any attorney's fees incurred thereafter.

(11)(B) SCOPE OF THE LEGAL DEFENSE BENEFIT. If Client fulfills the above
requirements and, provided TotalSource was involved in addressing the particular
incident from which the claim arose by providing a recommendation regarding such
incident, TotalSource will pay attorney's fees up to the amount set forth in the
Pricing Addendum while this Agreement is in effect to cover an employment
practices claim filed by a current or former Worksite Employee under one of the
laws referred to in TOTALSOURCE'S GUIDANCE OF EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES, SECTION
(5)(B) based on facts or circumstances which arose during the Agreement. The
Legal Defense Benefit excludes all matters not covered by SECTION (5)(B),
including but not limited to breaches of express or implied contracts, unfair
labor practice charges, ERISA claims, etc. The Legal Defense Benefit is only
available while this Agreement is in effect and will terminate upon termination
of the Agreement. Specifically excluded from any Legal Defense Benefit are class
actions of any kind (including class actions involving matters indicated in
SECTION (5)(B)), and third party liability claims of any kind, including but not
limited to, those arising from automobile accidents and/or personal injury
litigation. The legal fees for the Legal Defense Benefit will be based on the
hourly rate that the law firm selected by TotalSource charges TotalSource.

(12) TOTALSOURCE'S SERVICE GUARANTEE. TotalSource is confident about the quality
of its Services. As a result, we make the following guarantee: if Client is not
satisfied with TotalSource's Services and Client wishes to terminate this
Agreement within the first six months of the initial Effective Date, TotalSource
will refund the fees Client paid TotalSource, excluding wages, direct expenses,
payroll taxes, employee benefits, workers' compensation costs, and other
mandatory insurance (the Refund Amount). At no cost to Client, TotalSource will
provide Client with the necessary information so that it may resume sole
employer responsibilities. This benefit is not available if Client materially
breaches this Agreement, including failure to pay. In order for Client to
receive the Refund Amount under this Service Guarantee, Client must first notify
TotalSource of the material Service failure(s) within five business days in
which Client experiences such failure(s).

(13) NOTICE PROVISION. All notices must be in writing and will be deemed to have
been duly given and received 1) on the day delivered if delivered by hand to the
addresses indicated below, 2) on the day delivered if delivered by overnight
mail, or 3) on the day of transmission to the facsimile number provided by each
party to the other or to such changed facsimile number as either party may have
fixed by notice, provided the receipt of such facsimile is confirmed by
telephone by a representative of the receiving party, if delivered by facsimile.

TotalSource and Client execute this Agreement, in their respective corporate
names by their duly authorized officers, on the __________ day of
________________________________,200________.

___________________________________   ADP TOTALSOURCE, INC.

Client Company Name

By:________________________________   By:______________________________________

Name:______________________________   Name:____________________________________

Title:_____________________________   Title:___________________________________

Address:___________________________   Address:_________________________________

City/State/Zip Code:_______________   City/State/Zip Code:_____________________

Federal I.D. Number________________

</EX-10.72>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 eauto061137_ex31-1.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

EXHIBIT 31.1

                                 CERTIFICATIONS

I, Eric Seidel, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10Q of eAutoclaims, Inc.

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
         control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
         13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

         a)       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                  such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                  our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
                  to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
                  made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                  during the period in which this report is being prepared;

         b)       Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
                  caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                  designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

         c)       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
                  and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                  report based on such evaluation; and

         d)       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
                  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                  the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has
                  materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                  affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
                  reporting; and

5.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors:

         a)       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                  design or operation of internal control over financial
                  reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial information; and

         b)       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                  or other employees who have a significant role in the
                  registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 17, 2006                            /s/ Eric Seidel
      --------------                            -------------------------------
                                                President and C.E.O.

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 eauto061137_ex31-2.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

EXHIBIT 31.2

                                 CERTIFICATIONS

I, Larry Colton, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10Q of eAutoclaims, Inc.

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
         control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
         13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

         a.       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                  such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                  our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
                  to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
                  made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                  during the period in which this report is being prepared;

         b.       Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
                  caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                  designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

         c.       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
                  and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                  report based on such evaluation; and

         d.       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
                  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                  the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has
                  materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                  affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
                  reporting; and

5.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors:

         a.       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                  design or operation of internal control over financial
                  reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial information; and

         b.       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                  or other employees who have a significant role in the
                  registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 17, 2006                            /s/ Larry Colton
      --------------                            -------------------------------
                                                Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 eauto061137_ex32-1.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

EXHIBIT 32.1

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

         In connection with the Quarterly Report of eAutoclaims, Inc. (the
"Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ending January 31, 2006 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2006 (the "Report"), I, Eric
Seidel, the President and CEO of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.
1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

         1.       The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
                  13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

         2.       The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
                  all material respects, the financial condition and results of
                  operations of eAutoclaims, Inc.

/s/ Eric Seidel
- -------------------------------
Print Name:  Eric Seidel
Title: President & CEO
March 17, 2006

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 eauto061137_ex32-2.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

EXHIBIT 32.2

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

         In connection with the Quarterly Report of eAutoclaims, Inc. (the
"Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ending January 31, 2006 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2006 (the "Report"), I, Larry
Colton, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that:

         1.       The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
                  13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

         2.       The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
                  all material respects, the financial condition and results of
                  operations of eAutoclaims, Inc.

/s/ Larry Colton
- -------------------------------
Print Name:  Larry Colton
Title:  Chief Financial Officer
March 17, 2006

</EX-32.2>

