<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060331_10-Q_edgar_data_1057076_0001214659-06-000748_2.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>103949</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>65632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>337</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>12</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-06-000748.hdr.sgml : 20060331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060331152115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-06-000748
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20050630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RIDGEWOOD POWER GROWTH FUND /NJ
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001057076
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				223495594
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25935
		FILM NUMBER:		06728428

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		947 LINWOOD AVENUE
		CITY:			RIDGEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07450
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-447-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		947 LINWOOD AVENUE
		CITY:			RIDGEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07450-2939

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IF0XLFEwkRIH/ZLgBvcEFTn23w1DhIbadFVcrEVr49wbcI8sY/BEx6a1OWF9XXmQ
 VpJ3X1sV80RQs2cCn9HSAg==

 0001214659-06-000748.txt : 20060331

10-Q
 1
 r3246110q.txt
 FOR QUARTER ENDING JUNE 30, 2005

UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-Q

[X] Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2005.

or

[_] Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 for the transition period from ___________to

                         Commission file number 0-25935

RIDGEWOOD POWER GROWTH FUND
                           ---------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

             DELAWARE                                    22-3495594
             --------                                    ----------
  (State or other jurisdiction of                     (I.R.S. Employer
   Incorporation or organization)                     Identification No.)

                  1314 King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801
                  ---------------------------------------------
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (302) 888-7444
                                                   ----------------

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [_] No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [_] No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [_] No [X]

There is no market for the Shares. As of March 15, 2006, number of shares
outstanding was 658.1067.

RIDGEWOOD POWER GROWTH FUND

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                          PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The Ridgewood Power Growth Fund
Consolidated Balance Sheets
- -----------------------------------------------------------------

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

1

The Ridgewood Power Growth Fund
Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited)
- -------------------------------------------------

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

2

The Ridgewood Power Growth Fund
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)-(unaudited)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Ridgewood Power Growth Fund
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income - (unaudited)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

3

The Ridgewood Power Growth Fund
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)
- --------------------------------------------------

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

                                       4

The Ridgewood Power Growth Fund
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. General

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of Ridgewood Power
Growth Fund (the "Fund") were prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial
information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes
required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation of the
financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Fund have
been included. Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period's
consolidated financial statements to conform to the current period's
presentation. Operating results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2005
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2005. The consolidated balance sheet at December
31, 2004 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at
that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. For
further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and
footnotes thereto included in the Fund's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2004, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC").

The Fund was formed as a Delaware business trust in February 1997. The managing
shareholders of the Fund are Ridgewood Renewable Power LLC ("RPC") and Ridgewood
Power VI LLC ("Power VI") (collectively, the "Managing Shareholder").
Subsequently, Power VI has assigned and delegated all of its rights and
responsibilities to RPC and is essentially an entity that contains nominal
activity.

The Fund was formed to invest primarily in independent power generation
facilities, water desalinization plants and other capital facilities. These
independent power generation facilities will include cogeneration facilities,
which produce both electricity and heat energy, and other power plants that use
various fuel sources (except nuclear). In the past, the Fund invested in
opportunities outside of independent power generation facilities.

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Fund, the US
Hydro Projects and the Egypt Projects. The Fund uses the equity method of
accounting for its investment in the United Kingdom Landfill Gas Projects (the
"UK Projects").

2. Summary Results of Operations for Selected Investments

Summary financial information rounded to the nearest $1,000 for the United
Kingdom Landfill Gas Projects, which are accounted for under the equity method,
were as follows:

Balance Sheets

                                     June 30,           December 31,
                                      2005                 2004
                                      ----                 ----

Current assets                    $ 24,924,000         $ 30,791,000
Non-current assets                $ 70,112,000         $ 70,485,000

Current liabilities               $ 15,063,000         $ 10,670,000
Non-current liabilties            $ 74,105,000         $ 81,398,000
Minority interest                 $  1,029,000         $  1,424,000

5

Statements of Operations

3. New Accounting Standards and Disclosures

SFAS 153
In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 153, Exchanges of
Nonmonetary Assets--an amendment of APB Opinion No. 29. The guidance in APB
Opinion No. 29, Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions ("Opinion 29"), is based
on the principle that exchanges of nonmonetary assets should be measured based
on the fair value of the assets exchanged. The guidance in Opinion 29, however,
included certain exceptions to that principle. This Statement amends Opinion 29
to eliminate the exception for nonmonetary exchanges of similar productive
assets and replaces it with a general exception for exchanges of nonmonetary
assets that do not have commercial substance. A nonmonetary exchange has
commercial substance if the future cash flows of the entity are expected to
change significantly as a result of the exchange. The Fund adopted SFAS 153
effective June 15, 2005, with no material impact on the consolidated financial
statements.

SFAS 154
In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154, Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections. SFAS No. 154 replaces APB Opinion No. 20, Accounting Changes, and
SFAS No. 3, Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial Statements. This
statement changes the requirements for the accounting for, and reporting of, a
change in accounting principle and applies to all voluntary changes in
accounting principle, as well as changes pursuant to accounting pronouncements
that do not include transition rules. Under SFAS 154, changes in accounting
principle must be applied retrospectively to prior periods' financial
statements, or the earliest practicable date, as the required method for
reporting a change in accounting principle. SFAS 154 is effective for years
beginning after December 15, 2005.

4.  Notes Receivable

The following is a summary of the Fund's notes receivable:

In the fourth quarter of 2004, US Hydro Projects' Blackstone entity and New
England Power ("NEP") agreed to terminate their 1989 power purchase agreement.
As per the terms of the Termination and Release Agreement, Blackstone now has
the right to sell its production of electricity to any party it chooses. In
addition, beginning January 2005 NEP is to pay Blackstone $16,000 per month
through February 2010 and a lump sum payment of $1,000,000 on February 15, 2010
to compensate Blackstone for the cancellation of the fifteen years remaining on
the original agreement.

6

5. Inventories

Inventories consist of spare parts, consumable products, fuel, goods-in-transit
and finished goods of the Egypt operations. Inventories are stated at the lower
of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
price in the ordinary course of business, less the costs of completion and
selling expenses. An allowance is established for slow moving items on the basis
of management's review and assessment of inventory movements. Inventories
consisted principally of spare parts of approximately $509,000 and $533,000, and
fuel of approximately $30,000 and $31,000, as of June 30, 2005 and December 31,
2004, respectively.

6. Long-term Debt

Following is a summary of long-term debt by project at June 30, 2005:

Sinai has an outstanding loan and interest payable of 13,467,170 Egyptian pounds
(approximately US $2,301,000). The loan bears interest at 11.0% per annum and is
non-recourse to the Fund. A provision of the loan restricts Sinai from paying
dividends to its shareholders or obtaining credit from other banks. The loan was
in default prior to the acquisition of Sinai by Ridgewood Near East and has
remained in default through the second quarter of 2005. In the second quarter of
2005, the bank and Sinai resolved all issues and an extension and revised
payment schedule was formalized. The revised terms provide for progressive
monthly payments over six years ranging from 171,545 Egyptian pounds to 356,727
Egyptian pounds (or US $29,451 to US $61,243 at loan inception exchange rates),
including interest, maturing on May 1, 2011.

During the third quarter of 2002, Ridgewood Egypt For Infrastructure ("REFI")
executed a term loan agreement with its principal bank. The bank provided a loan
of 12,500,000 Egyptian pounds (approximately US $2,022,000), which matures on
March 31, 2007. The loan is being repaid in quarterly principal installments of
781,250 Egyptian pounds (approximately US $135,000 as of June 30, 2005).
Outstanding borrowings bear interest at the bank's medium term loan rate plus
0.5% (12.5% at June 30, 2005 and December 31, 2004).

Five of the US Hydro Projects' hydro-electric power plants are financed by a
term loan ("term loan"). The Fund has a choice of variable or fixed interest
rates on the term loan. Variable rates are LIBOR (2.38% fixed for one year
starting June 2004) plus 1 3/4% or the Lenders Corporate Base Rate (as defined).
At the Fund's option, a fixed interest rate can be selected, payable on any
portion of the debt in excess of $1,000,000, for any period of time from two to
seven years. Such fixed rate shall be based on the U.S. Treasury note rate at
the date of election plus 2 3/4%. The variable rate of 4.130% was the effective
interest rate at June 30, 2005 and December 31, 2004. This credit facility is
collateralized by five hydroelectric plants and notes receivable owned by the US
Hydro Projects. Although the Fund is current in its interest and principal
payments, it is technically in default under the covenants of the term loan as a
result of not providing its Lender a copy of one of its subsidiary's current
audited financial statements. As per the terms of the term loan agreement, the
default does not allow the Lender to accelerate or call the loan.

During the fourth quarter of 2003, discussions were entered into with the
Truckee-Carson Irrigation District ("TCID") to sell the US Hydro Projects notes
receivable and cash flow rights from one of its projects (the Lahontan project)
to TCID. In the first quarter of 2004, TCID's Board of Directors approved the
purchase. In return for its notes receivable and cash flow rights, the US Hydro
Projects received $4,000,000. Pursuant to the term loan agreement, the US Hydro
Projects submitted the proceeds it received from the sale of the notes
receivable directly to its lender on March 31, 2004. As a result of the sale and
remittance of the proceeds, the balance of the term loan was reduced to
approximately $1,700,000. Of the proceeds received, $3,958,386 was applied to
the principal balance and the remaining $41,614 was applied to current interest
due. The parties mutually agreed to amend the term loan agreement, providing for
a revised amortization of principal for the $4,000,000 payment.

7

7. Other Liabilities

As of June 30, 2005, other liabilities include the future discounted principal
payments aggregating $1,343,194 net of current portion, that is part of the
termination agreement with two consultants that provided marketing, construction
and management services in Egypt (as discussed below).

In February 2003, a complaint was filed against Ridgewood Near East by a
corporation claiming breach of consulting contract. In November 2003, the
parties reached an agreement whereby Ridgewood Near East paid the corporation a
one-time payment of $280,750, representing commissions and penalties, and agreed
to continue making required commission payments as per the original agreement of
$900,000 payable in monthly installments of $7,500. The Fund recorded the
liability by discounting the future payments at the rate of 10% resulting in
total liability of $494,261 and $513,969 as of June 30, 2005 and December 31,
2004, respectively.

In the first quarter of 2005, Ridgewood Near East terminated an agreement with a
former consultant, who previously operated under an arrangement whereby the
consultant provided marketing, construction and management services in Egypt. As
per the termination agreement, Ridgewood Near East will pay the consultant
$120,000 per year over the remaining life of the project. The Fund discounted
the future payments over 15 years which represents the estimated useful life of
the Egypt Projects. As per the terms of the agreement, the Fund will make
quarterly installments of $30,000 starting April 1, 2005 and, accordingly,
recorded the liability by discounting the future payments at the rate of 10%
resulting in a total liability of $920,441 as of June 30, 2005. Based on future
events, it is possible that the useful life of the Egypt Projects may exceed 15
years which would result in costs exceeding the amount accrued as of June 30,
2005.

The Fund recorded the current portion of future discounted principal payments of
$71,508 to accrued expenses. Schedule of future discounted principal payments
(net of current portion) as of June 30, 2005 are as follows:

      2006 (6 months)                   $    38,504
      2007                                   82,988
      2008                                   91,647
      2009                                  101,210
      2010                                  111,772
      Thereafter                            917,073
                                       ------------
      Total                             $ 1,343,194
                                       ============

8. Related Party Transactions

From time to time, the Fund records short-term receivables and payables from
other affiliates in the ordinary course of business. The amounts receivable and
payable with the other affiliates do not bear interest. At June 30, 2005 and
December 31, 2004, the Trust had outstanding receivables and payables with the
following affiliates:

8

On June 26, 2003, the Managing Shareholder of the Fund entered into a $5,000,000
Revolving Credit and Security Agreement with Wachovia Bank, National
Association. The agreement allows the Managing Shareholder to obtain loans and
letters of credit for the benefit of the trusts and funds that it manages. As
part of the agreement, the Fund agreed to limitations on its ability to incur
indebtedness, liens and provide guarantees. On February 20, 2004, the Managing
Shareholder and Wachovia Bank amended the agreement increasing the amount to
$6,000,000. On June 14, 2005, the Managing Shareholder received notification
from Wachovia Bank that its Line of Credit was extended through September 30,
2005. The agreement has subsequently been extended to September 2006.

The Managing Shareholder waived the management fee for the six months ended June
30, 2005.

During the second quarter of 2005, a subsidiary made a cash distribution of
$1,674,237 to Ridgewood Electric Power Trust V, a minority shareholder.

9. Cost of Revenues

Included in cost of revenues is depreciation and amortization expense of
$1,802,055 and $1,731,761 for the six months ended June 30, 2005 and 2004,
respectively and $896,158 and $913,232 for the three months ended June 30, 2005
and 2004, respectively.

10.  ZAP

As an incentive to exercise the warrant it received in the reorganization of
ZAP, the Fund received a second warrant, which was exercised in December 2004
with the purchase of 538,462 shares at $3.25 per share. As of December 31, 2004,
the Fund did not sell any of the shares it purchased from the exercise of the
second warrant and recorded an investment of $1,750,000 to reflect the shares
held at market value. During the six and three months ended June 30, 2005, the
Fund sold 172,000 and 80,000 ZAP shares, respectively, to third parties which
resulted in a loss of $134,626 and $99,270, respectively. The Fund recorded an
unrealized loss in the remaining 366,462 ZAP unrestricted securities of
$696,277, which is included in shareholders' equity, at June 30, 2005 due to the
decrease in the market price of ZAP securities from $3.25 (December 31, 2004) to
$1.35 (June 30, 2005).

11. Foreign Currency

The cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, which represents total
accumulated other comprehensive loss, is included in shareholders' equity at
June 30, 2005 and December 31, 2004 and amounts to a loss of $7,864,248 and
$8,253,824, respectively.

12. Commitments and Contingencies

Two of the US Hydro Projects hydroelectric plants have leased the site at their
facility under a long term lease which terminates in 2024. Rent expense for the
quarters ended June 30, 2005 and 2004 was $199,027 and $198,678, respectively
and for the six months ended June 30, 2005 and 2004 was $397,704 and $397,358,
respectively.

Minimum lease payments at June 30, 2005 are as follows:

                2005 (6 months)                       $  342,500
                2006                                     695,000
                2007                                     700,000
                2008                                     710,000
                2009                                     720,500
                Thereafter                             5,495,977
                                                       ---------
                  Total Minimum Lease Payments        $8,663,977
                                                      ==========

In accordance with Egyptian company law, the Egypt Projects transfer 5% of
annual net profits to a statutory reserve. Transfers will cease when the reserve
reaches 50% of issued capital. The statutory reserve is not eligible for
distribution to members. The statutory reserve amounted to $91,576 and $87,408
as of June 30, 2005 and December 31, 2004, respectively.

9

13. Financial Information by Business Segment

The Fund's business segments were determined based on similarities in economic
characteristics and customer base. The Fund's principal business segments
consist of power generation ("power") and water desalinization ("water"). The
power business segment represents the activity of Egypt Infrastructure and U.S.
Hydro, with operations in Egypt and the United States. The water business
segment represents the activity of Sinai, with operations in Egypt. The
corporate business segment represents the activity of the fund, with operations
in the United States.

Common services shared by the business segments are allocated on the basis of
identifiable direct costs, time records or in proportion to amount invested in
projects managed by Ridgewood Management.

 The financial data for business segments are as follows:

10

14. Subsequent Events

During October 2005, the management fee to the Managing Shareholder accrued for
2004, 2003, and 2002, aggregating $1,623,690, was forgiven. The aggregate
management fee forgiven was recorded as a capital contribution by the Managing
Shareholder in the fourth quarter of 2005, who also anticipates assigning said
contribution for the benefit of the investor shareholders.

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations

The following information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and the associated notes thereto of this
Quarterly Report, and the audited consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto and our Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2004, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

Dollar amounts in this discussion are rounded to the nearest $1,000.

Introduction

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Fund, the U.S.
Hydro projects and the Egypt Projects. The Fund uses the equity method of
accounting for its investment in the UK Projects.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

For a complete discussion of critical accounting policies, refer to "Significant
Accounting Policies" in Item 7 of the Fund's 2004 Form 10-K. There have been no
substantive changes to those policies and estimates.

Outlook

The adoption of the renewable portfolio standard ("RPS") regulations in
Massachusetts is indicative of the significant activity and movement in the
industry, as well as at state and federal governments, to increase the amount of
renewable power that is supplied to utilities that serve end-use customers in
various states. In Massachusetts, legislation and regulations have been passed
requiring such retail electric suppliers to have in their electric portfolio one
(1%) "new renewable power" for 2003. This renewable generation percentage
requirement increases each year until the renewable generation amount equals
four (4%) percent. New Jersey, Nevada, California and Connecticut have passed
similar RPS legislation.

Notwithstanding the development of a renewable energy market in many states, the
general trends in the electric power industry have continued to reflect an
attitude of caution and restraint. Throughout the United States, memories of the
California energy crises, Enron Corp's bankruptcy, proceedings before the FERC
regarding certain questionable practices of other energy producers and
marketers, as well as the general U.S. and world economy and the Iraq War, have
led many to call for a more regulated electric industry, with strict reporting
requirements and cost of service regulation. However, many legislators,
regulators and market participants have not disavowed deregulation.

The Projects owned by the Fund's UK operations, which are not subject to the
PowerBank arrangements, operate under long-term contracts with the Non-Fossil
Fuels Purchasing Agency, a quasi-governmental agency. They enjoy a guaranteed
price and market for their output and are not subject to price fluctuations for
their fuel. The UK Projects are relatively unaffected by developments in the
United Kingdom electricity markets, which included the introduction in 2001 of
the New Electricity Trading Arrangements ("NETA"). NETA replaced the electricity
pool with a competitive wholesale energy market. While NETA has not impacted the
income stream for the UK Projects, the attendant disruption has caused a
realignment and consolidation within the UK utility industry. The industry
regulator, Office of Gas & Electricity Markets ("OFGEM"), monitors these
developments on a continuous basis.

The Egyptian Projects are developed at remote resort hotel sites on the Red Sea,
which are distant from other electric and water sources. As a result, the
Egyptian Projects are relatively unaffected by trends in the Egyptian water and
power industry, which is concentrated along the Nile River and Mediterranean
Coast. Prices for power and water delivered to the Egyptian Projects hotels are
based on contracted rates. Some contracts are short-term and in other cases,
hotels may attempt to renegotiate the terms of their contracts. The market price

11

for water not under contract varies depending on many factors, including fuel
cost, availability of other sources of supply (primarily other desalination
plants or the Nile River), demand (which is heavily dependant on temperature)
and availability of transportation (primarily trucks and pipelines).

Results of Operations

Three Months Ended June 30, 2005, compared to the Three Months Ended June 30,
2004

Total revenues increased $391,000 to $3,514,000 in the second quarter of 2005.
Revenues from the U.S. Hydro Projects increased $241,000 due to the higher
outputs experienced with increased precipitation. Revenues from the Sinai and
REFI operations increased by approximately $120,000 and $30,000, respectively,
primarily due to the increase in demand resulting from peak tourism season.

Cost of revenues increased $36,000 in the second quarter of 2005 from $2,035,000
in the second quarter of 2004 to $2,071,000 in the second quarter of 2005. The
Egypt Projects experienced higher operating costs in line with the increase in
revenues.

Gross profit increased $355,000 to $1,442,000 in the second quarter of 2005. The
increase in the current quarter is primarily due to the higher revenues of U.S.
Hydro Projects, resulting in increased gross profit of $264,000 in the second
quarter of 2005. Gross profit from the Egyptian operations increased by $91,000
from 2004, primarily due to higher revenue, partially offset by increase in cost
of revenues.

General and administrative expenses increased $32,000 to $573,000 for the second
quarter of 2005. The increase is primarily attributable to increase in
professional fees for the US Hydro Projects.

The management fee to Managing Shareholder was waived for the second quarter of
2005 compared to $411,000 recorded in the second quarter of 2004.

Income from operations increased from $135,000 in the second quarter of 2004 to
$869,000 in the second quarter of 2005, primarily due to the increase in gross
profit and waiving of the management fee for the second quarter of 2005.

Interest income decreased by $2,000 from $25,000 in the second quarter of 2004
to $23,000 during the same period in 2005. The decrease is primarily due to
decrease in interest income from REFI offset by interest earned in 2005 on the
note receivable resulting from the cancellation of the Blackstone Project's
power purchase agreement with New England Power.

Interest expense for the second quarter of 2005 was $175,000 compared to
$158,000 in 2004. The increase is primarily due to the interest related to the
termination of a consulting agreement starting in the second quarter of 2005
with the payment discounted at 10%. This is partially offset by the pay down of
debt assumed in the U.S. Hydro acquisition and of the outstanding borrowings
under the credit line executed by the Egypt Projects in the third quarter of
2002.

In the second quarter of 2005 the Fund recorded equity income of $25,000 from
the United Kingdom Landfill Gas Projects, compared to equity loss of $35,000 in
the second quarter of 2004. Increase in equity income of $60,000 is primarily
due to increased capacity and revenue in the current quarter.

The Fund recorded loss on distribution and sale of ZAP securities of $99,000 in
the second quarter of 2005 compared to gain of $1,574,000 in the second quarter
of 2004. In second quarter of 2005, the Fund sold 80,000 ZAP shares at a market
price lower than the price of $3.25 in December 2004. In 2004, the Fund recorded
a gain on distribution and sale of 499,500 ZAP shares to the Fund's investor
shareholders.

The Fund recorded a gain on sale of equipment of $5,000 in the second quarter of
2005 compared to a loss of $10,000 during the same period in 2004. The Fund's
Egyptian operations recorded a gain on the sale of vehicles of $5,000 in the
second quarter of 2005, as compared to a loss of $10,000 in the second quarter
of 2004.

12

The Fund recorded other income of $14,000 in the second quarter of 2005 compared
to other expense of $9,000 in the second quarter of 2004. Other income
represents Egyptian foreign exchange gain resulting from purchase of equipment
from various international third parties in the second quarter of 2005 compared
to a foreign exchange loss in 2004.

In the second quarter of 2005, the Fund recorded a deferred income tax benefit
of $90,000 compared to $181,000 in the second quarter of 2004. The Fund also
incurred $57,000 in state income taxes on behalf of certain US Hydro Projects in
the second quarter of 2005, as compared to $64,000 in the second quarter of
2004. The Fund's Egyptian subsidiaries have a ten-year income tax holiday that
expires in 2010. Accordingly, no provision has been made for Egyptian income
taxes in the periods presented.

Minority interest in the earnings of subsidiaries increased from $152,000 in the
second quarter of 2004 to $234,000 in the second quarter of 2005. The increase
in earnings of subsidiaries is primarily attributable to the increase in
earnings of the US Hydro Projects resulting from the increase in revenue in the
second quarter of 2005 partially offset by the gain on sale of the US Hydro note
in the second quarter of 2004.

Net income for the second quarter of 2005 decreased by $1,025,000 from
$1,486,000 in the second quarter of 2004 to $461,000 in the second quarter of
2005. This is primarily attributable to decrease in gain on distribution and
sale of ZAP securities, partially offset by the increase in income from
operations.

Six Months Ended June 30, 2005, compared to the Six Months Ended June 30, 2004

Total revenues increased $641,000 to $6,429,000 for the first half of 2005.
Revenues from the U.S. Hydro Projects increased $340,000 due to higher outputs
from an increase in precipitation. Revenues from the Sinai and REFI operations
increased by approximately $245,000 and $56,000, respectively, primarily due to
the increase in demand resulting from peak tourism season.

Cost of revenues increased $215,000 in the first half of 2005 compared to
$3,771,000 in the first half of 2004. The Egypt Projects experienced higher
operating costs in line with the increase in revenues. Also there was an
increase in depreciation and amortization expense resulting from additions to
plant and equipment.

Gross profit increased $426,000 in the first half of 2005 to $2,443,000. The
increase in gross profit is primarily due to the higher revenues and lower cost
of revenues at the U.S. Hydro Projects resulting from decrease in depreciation
and amortization expenses related to Blackstone project. Gross profit of Egypt
Project was comparable to prior year.

General and administrative expenses increased $1,107,000 to $2,147,000 for the
six months ended June 30, 2005 primarily attributable to the termination
agreement with a former consultant which resulted in a charge of $927,000 which
represents the present value of the future discounted payments. In addition, the
increase in expense is also due to the increase in professional fees for US
Hydro Projects.

The management fee to the Managing Shareholder was waived for the first half of
2005 compared to $823,000 of fees recorded in the first half of 2004.

Income from operations increased from $154,000 in the first half of 2004 to
$296,000 in the first half of 2005, primarily due to the increase in gross
profit and waiving of the management fee for 2005, partially offset by the
increase in general and administrative expenses.

Interest income increased by $22,000 to $48,000 in the first half of 2005,
primarily due to the interest earned on the note receivable resulting from the
cancellation of the Blackstone Project's power purchase agreement with New
England Power.

Interest expense for the first six months of 2005 was $327,000 compared to
$370,000 in 2004. The decrease is due to the paydown of the debt assumed in the
U.S. Hydro acquisition and the outstanding borrowings under the Egypt Projects'
credit line. This is partially offset by the interest related to the termination
of a consulting agreement starting in the second quarter of 2005 with the
payment discounted at 10%.

13

In the first half of 2005 the Fund recorded an equity loss of $40,000 from the
United Kingdom Landfill Gas Projects, compared to $233,000 for the first half of
2004. The decrease in equity loss is primarily a result of the increase in
capacity and revenue in 2005.

In first half of 2005 the Fund recorded a loss on distribution and sale of ZAP
securities of $135,000 compared to a gain of $1,574,000 in 2004. In 2005, the
Fund sold 172,000 ZAP securities at a market price lower than the $3.25 in
December 2004. In 2004, the Fund recorded a gain on distribution and sale of
499,500 ZAP shares to the Fund's investor shareholders.

In the first half of 2004, the Fund recorded a net gain on sale of US Hydro note
of $175,000. The gain represents $200,000 on the sale of the Lahontan note
receivable held by the U.S. Hydro Projects, partially offset by legal fees of
$25,000 incurred for the sale of the note.

The Fund's Egyptian operations recorded a gain on the sale of equipment of
$5,000 in the first half of 2005, as compared to a loss of $10,000 in the first
half of 2004. In 2005, the Fund's Egyptian operations sold vehicles at a gain of
$5,000 compared to a sale of three vehicles at a loss of $10,000 in 2004.

Other expense increased by $8,000 to $10,000 in first half of 2005 due to
foreign exchange loss resulting from purchase of equipment from various
international third parties.

In the first half of 2005, the Fund recorded a deferred income tax benefit of
$180,000 compared to $362,000 in the first half of 2004. During the first half
of 2005, the Fund also incurred $166,000 in current state income taxes on behalf
of certain of the U.S. Hydro Projects, compared to $85,000 in the first half of
2004. The Fund's Egyptian subsidiaries have a ten-year income tax holiday that
expires in 2010. Accordingly, no provision has been made for Egyptian income
taxes in the periods presented.

Minority interest in the earnings of subsidiaries decreased from $314,000 in the
first half of 2004 to a loss of $9,000 in the first half of 2005. The decrease
in earnings of subsidiaries is attributable to the increase in loss of the Egypt
operations due to the increase in operating expenses, partially offset by the
increase in earnings of US Hydro Projects resulting from the increase in
revenue.

Net income for the first half of 2005 decreased by $1,416,000, from $1,276,000
in the first half of 2004 to $140,000 loss during the same period in 2005. This
is primarily due to the decrease in gain on distribution and sale of ZAP
securities, decrease in gain on sale of US Hydro note and the increase in
general and administrative expenses. In addition, decrease in net income is due
to decrease in income tax benefit and increase in minority interest loss
allocation. This is partially offset by the decrease in management fees to the
Managing Shareholder and equity loss in the United Kingdom Landfill Gas
Projects.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

At June 30, 2005, the Fund had cash and cash equivalents of $1,193,000, an
increase of $425,000 compared to December 31, 2004. The increase is the result
of the $3,696,000 provided by operating activities, the $403,000 used in
investing activities, the $2,901,000 used in financing activities and the
$33,000 positive effect of the exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents.

Cash provided by operating activities for the six months ended June 30, 2005 was
$3,696,000 as compared to $2,061,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2004. The
increase in cash flow compared to 2004 is primarily due to the increase in
revenue and also due to increase in other liabilities resulting from the
termination agreement of a consultant in Egypt. In addition, increase in cash
flow is also due to the decrease in other current assets.

Cash used in investing activities was $403,000 during the first six months of
2005 as compared to cash provided of $3,229,000 in the first six months of 2004.
The decrease is primarily due to $1,657,000 in capital expenditures in 2005. In
addition, the decrease is also due to $3,975,000 proceeds from the sale of the
US Hydro note receivable in 2004 and $133,000 in lower collections on notes
receivable in 2005. This is partially offset by $1,064,000 of investment in ZAP
securities in the first six months of 2004 and $424,000 of proceeds from sale of
investment in ZAP securities and $366,000 increase in distributions from the
United Kingdom Landfill Gas Projects in the first six months of 2005.

14

Cash used by financing activities for the first half of 2005 was $2,901,000
compared to $5,019,000 for the first half of 2004. In 2005, cash used in
financing activities includes $665,000 in cash distributions to shareholders,
$1,674,000 in US Hydro cash distribution to minority shareholders and $562,000
in repayments of bank loans. In 2004, financing activities includes $665,000 in
cash distributions to shareholders and $4,354,000 in repayment of bank loans.

The Fund expects that its cash flows from operations and cash on hand will be
sufficient to fund its obligations and any declared distributions through March
31, 2007. The Fund has historically financed its operations from cash generated
from its subsidiaries' operations. Obligations of the Fund are generally limited
to payment of the management fee to the Managing Shareholder and payments for
certain administrative, accounting and legal services to third persons.
Accordingly, the Fund has not found it necessary to retain a material amount of
working capital.

The following schedule represents the Fund's total contractual obligations as of
June 30, 2005:

In February 2003, a complaint was filed against Ridgewood Near East by a
corporation claiming breach of consulting contract. In November 2003, the
parties reached an agreement whereby Ridgewood Near East paid the corporation a
one-time payment of $280,750, representing commissions and penalties, and agreed
to continue making required commission payments as per the original agreement of
$900,000 payable in monthly installments of $7,500. The Fund recorded the
liability by discounting the future payments at the rate of 10% resulting in a
total liability of $494,261 and $513,969 as of June 30, 2005 and December 31,
2004, respectively.

In the first quarter of 2005, Ridgewood Near East terminated an agreement with a
former consultant, who previously operated under an arrangement whereby the
consultant provided marketing, construction and management services in Egypt. As
per the termination agreement, Ridgewood Near East will pay the consultant
$120,000 a year over the remaining life of the projects. The Fund discounted the
future payments over 15 years which represents the estimated useful life of the
Egypt Projects. As per the term of the agreement, the Fund will make quarterly
installments of $30,000 starting April 1, 2005 and, accordingly, recorded the
liability by discounting the future payments at the rate of 10% resulting in a
total liability of $920,441 as of June 30, 2005. Based on future events, it is
possible that the life of the Egypt Projects may exceed 15 years which would
result in the costs exceeding the amount accrued as of June 30, 2005.

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
There has been no material change in the Fund's assessment of its market risk
since its presentation set forth in Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk," in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2004.

Item 4. Controls and Procedures

In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act"), our management with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2005. The system of
disclosure controls and procedures was designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in this report and other reports we file under
the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms. This includes
disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us is accumulated and communicated to our senior management
so as to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our evaluation
disclosed material deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures. The
material deficiencies identified as of June 30, 2005 are as follows:

15

(a)  Accounting Systems and Financial Reporting Software. We have concluded
          that the lack of automation and integration in our accounting systems
          and financial reporting software utilized during 2004 did not permit
          us to timely comply with our financial reporting responsibilities for
          2004. In 2003 we began to address this by arranging for the
          replacement of our then existing accounting systems and financial
          reporting software. However, the process of migrating from the then
          existing systems and software to the new systems and software was not
          completed until the latter part of 2004 and we did not have the full
          benefit of the automation and integration features of the new system
          and software for that year. We believe that the new accounting systems
          and financial reporting software constitute a significant improvement
          in our disclosure controls and procedures but a comprehensive
          assessment of the effectiveness of these improvements can only be made
          in subsequent periods when the new accounting systems and financial
          reporting software have been fully implemented and are fully
          operational.

     (b)  Personnel Resources. We have determined that additional accounting and
          financial reporting staff with relevant experience is necessary to
          maintain and operate the new accounting systems and financial
          reporting software and to develop and administer additional disclosure
          controls and procedures to enable us to comply with our financial
          reporting obligations. The following changes in our staffing have
          occurred:

                    (i.) Five existing accounting positions and one legal
                    support staff position have been upgraded by staffing with
                    personnel having enhanced experience and/or training;

                    (ii.) Two new accounting positions have been created and
                    filled;

                    (iii.) A new full-time Director of Compliance and Reporting
                    position has been created and filled;

                    (iv.) A new full-time Director of Tax Reporting and
                    Compliance position has been created and filled and replaces
                    a prior part-time consulting arrangement; and

                    (v.) The Chief Financial Officer was replaced by a new Chief
                    Financial Officer.

          We believe that the substantial upgrades and expansion of the
          accounting and financial reporting staff and legal support staff will
          result in material improvements in our disclosure controls and
          procedures, but the evaluation of these new personnel upgrades and
          additions can only be made in subsequent periods when we review
          personnel performance under these new arrangements.

(c)  Additional Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We have determined that
          additional disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for our
          U.S. operations to ensure that we will meet our financial reporting
          and disclosure obligations in an accurate and timely manner. We
          implemented the following additional disclosure controls and
          procedures with respect to the U.S. operating facilities in which we
          have an ownership interest:

                    (i) Weekly budgeting of cash receipts and disbursements with
                    a roll-forward of budgets based on actual results;

                    (ii) Formal procedures to evaluate new contractual
                    arrangements and amendments and/or terminations of existing
                    contractual arrangements and to provide accounting personnel
                    with supporting analysis and documentation;

                    (iii) Adoption of a standardized format for the reporting of
                    the output, sales, prices and expenses for the operating
                    facilities in which we have an ownership interest; and

                    (iv) For facilities having material amounts of inventory,
                    adoption of formal procedures for quarterly physical
                    inventory observations with corresponding adjustments to
                    financial statements.

16

We believe that these additional disclosure controls and procedures
          have addressed the material deficiencies in disclosure controls and
          procedures that we have previously identified, but we believe that the
          internal control process is constantly evolving and we expect that
          additional disclosure controls and procedures will be added from time
          to time as deficiencies are discovered. Evaluation of the
          effectiveness of these enhanced disclosure controls and procedures
          must wait until later periods when we will have the ability to review
          the results of these controls and procedures in operation.

     (d)  Foreign Operations. We have interests in foreign operations in the
          United Kingdom and Egypt. Each of these foreign operations is managed
          by a separate in-country staff that includes management, accounting,
          engineering and support personnel. Each of the U.K. and Egyptian
          operations delivers to us audited financial statements prepared in
          accordance with the legal requirements and auditing standards of the
          U.K. or Egypt, as the case may be. We have concluded that there exist
          material deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures as
          applied to these foreign operations, as follows:

          (i)  The audited financial statements for the U.K. operations were not
               timely delivered to us because of an extended review of the
               proposed U.K. accounting treatment applicable to a material
               financing transaction of the U.K. operations. This delay in the
               receipt of the U.K. audited financial statements contributed to
               our delay in completing our financial statements for the year
               ended December 31, 2003. In 2004, we implemented additional
               procedures relating to the preparation of the U.K. financial
               statements, and the 2004 audited financial statements of the U.K.
               operations for the year ended December 31, 2004 were delivered to
               us in a timely manner.

          (ii) Disclosure controls and procedures in the Egyptian operations
               relating to the administration and reporting of contractual
               relationships were not properly applied during 2004, with the
               result that a contingent guarantee by an Egyptian parent entity
               of a subsidiary's obligations was not properly disclosed and thus
               not reported on the books and records of the Egyptian parent
               entity. We have taken steps to establish additional disclosure
               controls and procedures to ensure timely disclosure and recording
               of all material contractual arrangements. In addition, the then
               existing Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
               of the Egyptian operations have been replaced. We believe that
               these actions address the identified material deficiencies in our
               disclosure controls and procedures in the Egyptian operations.
               However, assessment of the effectiveness of these actions must
               wait until subsequent periods when we can assess the new
               personnel's performance under these new procedures.

     (e)  We have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures relating
          to the reporting and analysis of material events, including those
          requiring disclosure on Form 8-K or otherwise, were not effective in
          all circumstances to ensure that such events were brought to the
          attention of the appropriate personnel in a timely and accurate
          fashion. In response to this deficiency, we have established a
          Disclosure Committee consisting of the Chief Executive Officer, the
          Chief Financial Officer and the General Counsel to review events that
          may require disclosure by us. In addition, the Disclosure Committee
          has promulgated reporting procedures under which operating personnel
          are required to inform the Disclosure Committee of material events. We
          believe that the use of a Disclosure Committee and reporting
          procedures for material events addresses the deficiency in our
          disclosure controls and procedures relating to events that may require
          disclosure and will allow us to make timely decisions regarding
          required disclosures.

     (f)  Additional Reviews. We have retained an accounting firm to undertake
          an independent review of our disclosure controls and procedures and to
          report the results of such review to us. We expect to receive such
          report during the second quarter of 2006.

As a result, our management under the supervision of our Chief Executive
Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule
13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act and concluded that, as of the end of the period
covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures did not provide
reasonable assurance of effectiveness because of the material deficiencies noted
above.

17

Other than the changes discussed above, there were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2005 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably like to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.

Forward-looking statement advisory

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as with some other statements made by the
Fund from time to time, contains forward-looking statements. These statements
discuss business trends and other matters relating to the Fund's future results
and the business climate and are found, among other places, in the notes to
financial statements and at Part I, Item 2, Management's Discussion and
Analysis. In order to make these statements, the Fund has had to make
assumptions as to the future. It has also had to make estimates in some cases
about events that have already happened, and to rely on data that may be found
to be inaccurate at a later time. Because these forward-looking statements are
based on assumptions, estimates and changeable data, and because any attempt to
predict the future is subject to other errors, what happens to the Fund in the
future may be materially different from the Fund's statements here.

Some of these are changes in political and economic conditions, federal or state
regulatory structures, government taxation, spending and budgetary policies,
government mandates, demand for electricity and thermal energy, the ability of
customers to pay for energy received, supplies and prices of fuels, operational
status of plant, mechanical breakdowns, availability of labor and the
willingness of electric utilities to perform existing power purchase agreements
in good faith. Some of the cautionary factors that readers should consider are
described in the Fund's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Fund therefore warns readers of this document that they should not rely on
these forward-looking statements without considering all of the things that
could make them inaccurate. The Fund's other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and its offering materials discuss many (but not all) of the
risks and uncertainties that might affect these forward-looking statements.

By making these statements now, the Fund is not making any commitment to revise
these forward-looking statements to reflect events that happen after the date of
this document or to reflect unanticipated future events.

18

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 6. Exhibits

31.1      Certification of Randall D. Holmes, Chief Executive Officer
                    of the Registrant, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule
                    13a-14(a).

          31.2      Certification of Douglas R. Wilson, Senior Vice President
                    and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to
                    Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a).

          32.1      Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
                    adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
                    2002, signed by Randall D. Holmes, Chief Executive Officer
                    of the Registrant, and Douglas R. Wilson, Senior Vice
                    President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant.

19

SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                             THE RIDGEWOOD POWER GROWTH FUND
                                             (Registrant)

Date:  March 31, 2006                        By: /s/ Randall D. Holmes
                                                 ---------------------
                                                 Randall D. Holmes
                                                 Chief Executive Officer
                                                 (Principal Executive Officer)

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature                    Capacity                           Date
- ---------                    --------                           ----

/s/ Randall D. Holmes        Chief Executive Officer            March 31, 2006
- -------------------------    (Principal Executive Officer)
Randall D. Holmes

/s/ Douglas R. Wilson        Senior Vice President and Chief    March 31, 2006
- -------------------------    Financial Officer
Douglas R. Wilson            (Principal Accounting Officer)
RIDGEWOOD POWER LLC
(Managing Shareholder)

By: /s/ Randall D. Holmes    Chief Executive Officer of         March 31, 2006
    ---------------------    Managing Shareholder
    Randall D. Holmes

20

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 UNDER
                 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

I, Randall D. Holmes, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended June 30, 2005 (the "report) of Ridgewood Power Growth Fund (the
"Registrant");

2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;

4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-15e) for the Registrant and we have:

     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
     disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
     ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
     consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
     entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is
     being prepared;

     (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and
     procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the
     effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
     the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and

     (c) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the Registrant's
     internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
     Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
     reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control
     over financial reporting;

5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
Registrant's auditors and senior management:

     (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
     operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
     likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process,
     summarize and report financial information; and

     (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
     employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control
     over financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2006

/s/ Randall D. Holmes
- ---------------------
Randall D. Holmes
Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 UNDER
                 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

I, Douglas R. Wilson, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended June 30, 2005 (the "report) of Ridgewood Power Growth Fund (the
"Registrant");

2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;

4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-15e) for the Registrant and we have:

     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
     disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
     ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
     consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
     entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is
     being prepared;

     (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and
     procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the
     effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
     the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and

     (c) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the Registrant's
     internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
     Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
     reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control
     over financial reporting;

5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
Registrant's auditors and senior management:

     (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
     operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
     likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process,
     summarize and report financial information; and

     (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
     employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control
     over financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2006

/s/   Douglas R. Wilson
- -----------------------
Douglas R. Wilson
Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Ridgewood Power
Growth Fund (the "Fund") for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, (the "Report"), each of
the undersigned officers of the Fund hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
(section) 1350, as adopted pursuant to (section) 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge except with respect to the timeliness
of the filing of the Report:

          (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
               or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

          (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
               material respects, the financial condition and results of
               operations of the Fund.

/s/ Randall D. Holmes
- ---------------------------------
Name:    Randall D. Holmes
Title:   Chief Executive Officer
Date:    March 31, 2006

/s/  Douglas R. Wilson
- ---------------------------------
Name:    Douglas R. Wilson
Title:   Senior Vice President and
         Chief Financial Officer
Date:    March 31, 2006

This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Report pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the
extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Fund for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

</EX-32.1>

