<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060317_10-Q_edgar_data_1123316_0000950135-06-001680_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>67292</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>42373</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>491</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950135-06-001680.hdr.sgml : 20060317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060317150010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950135-06-001680
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VERMONT PURE HOLDINGS LTD/DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001123316
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & RELATED PRODUCTS [5140]
		IRS NUMBER:				030366218
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31797
		FILM NUMBER:		06695533

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44 KRUPP DRIVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 536
		CITY:			WILLISTON
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05495
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8028601126

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44 KRUPP DRIVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 536
		CITY:			WILLISTON
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05495

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VP MERGER PARENT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000905

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 WIHweiV/3qNl7xuDjy/PYFAXYpRGAPowSH/rXiSDN7XU1StFq71IwkT08+P9RpQx
 VmkJhjWzVSmhet8vWaEFqw==

 0000950135-06-001680.txt : 20060317

10-Q
 1
 b59905vpe10vq.txt
 VERMONT PURE HOLDING, LTD

UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549

                                    FORM 10-Q

            QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                     For the Quarter Ended January 31, 2006
                          Commission File No. 000-31797

                           VERMONT PURE HOLDINGS, LTD.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware                                          03-0366218
     (State or other jurisdiction of                           (I.R.S. Employer
      incorporation or organization)                         Identification No.)

(860) 945-0661
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                               Yes   X   No
                                   -----    -----

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

                               Yes       No   X
                                   -----    -----

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

                               Yes       No   X
                                   -----    -----

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of
common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

VERMONT PURE HOLDINGS, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARY

                                Table of Contents

Page Number
                                                                     -----------
                                                                    
Part I  - Financial Information

   Item 1.  Financial Statements

            Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
            January 31, 2006 and October 31, 2005 (unaudited)             3

            Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for
            the Three Months ended January 31, 2006 and 2005
            (unaudited)                                                   4

            Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
            the Three Months ended January 31, 2006 and 2005
            (unaudited)                                                   5

            Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
            (unaudited)                                                  6-11

   Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
            Condition and Results of Operations                         12-16

   Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
            Risk                                                        17-18

   Item 4.  Controls and Procedures                                      19

Part II - Other Information

   Item 1a. Risk Factors                                                 20

   Item 6.  Exhibits                                                     20

Signature                                                                21

2

VERMONT PURE HOLDINGS, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARY

                      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

3

VERMONT PURE HOLDINGS, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARY

                 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

4

VERMONT PURE HOLDINGS, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

See the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

5

VERMONT PURE HOLDINGS, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARY

              NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                   (Unaudited)

1.   BASIS OF PRESENTATION

     The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have
     been prepared in accordance with Form 10-Q instructions and in the opinion
     of management contain all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring
     accruals) necessary to present fairly the condensed consolidated financial
     position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented.
     The results have been determined on the basis of generally accepted
     accounting principles and practices of the United States of America
     ("GAAP"), applied consistently with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
     Vermont Pure Holdings, Ltd. (the "Company") for the year ended October 31,
     2005.

     Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in audited
     consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with accounting
     principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been
     condensed or omitted. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
     statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
     statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on
     Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2005. The results of operations
     for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be
     expected for the full year.

     The financial statements herewith reflect the consolidated operations and
     financial condition of Vermont Pure Holdings Ltd. and its wholly owned
     subsidiary Crystal Rock, LLC.

     Certain amounts have been reclassified in the 2005 condensed consolidated
     financial statements to conform to the 2006 presentation.

2.   STOCK BASED COMPENSATION

     Effective November 1, 2005, the Company adopted the provisions of SFAS No.
     123, "Share-Based Payments (revised 2004)," (SFAS No. 123R). SFAS No. 123R
     requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in
     exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant date fair
     value of the award. That cost will be recognized over the period during
     which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the
     award, the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). SFAS No.
     123R also requires companies to measure the cost of employee services
     received in exchange for Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") awards and
     the Company is required to expense the grant date fair value of the
     Company's ESPP awards.

     The Company did not grant any equity based compensation in the first fiscal
     quarter of 2006. There were stock options for 10,000 shares issued to
     directors in 2005 that vested in the first

6

fiscal quarter of 2006. The grant-date fair value of these share options
     was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the
     following assumptions: an expected life averaging 5 years; an average
     volatility of 36%; no dividend yield; and a risk-free interest rate
     averaging 3%. Based on this information and the vesting schedule of the
     options the Company recognized $1,136 before taxes as compensation, or $614
     after taxes, under SFAS No. 123R for the first fiscal quarter of 2006.

     Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123R, the Company followed the accounting
     treatment prescribed by Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25,
     "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" when accounting for stock-based
     compensation granted to employees and directors. Accordingly, no
     compensation expense was recognized for its stock option awards because the
     exercise price of the Company's stock options equaled or exceeded the
     market price of the underlying stock on the date of the grant. The Company
     has elected not to restate prior interim periods in the year of adoption
     under SFAS No. 123R. Had compensation cost for the Company's stock option
     awards and the stock purchase plan been determined based on the fair value
     at the grant dates for the awards under those plans, consistent with the
     provisions of SFAS No. 123R, the Company's net income and net income per
     share for the first fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2005 would have been
     impacted as follows:

The fair value of each stock option was estimated on the date of the grant
     using the Black-Scholes option-pricing using the assumptions detailed
     above.

     Employee Stock Purchase Plan

     On June 15, 1999 the Company's stockholders approved the Vermont Pure
     Holdings, Ltd. 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. On January 1, 2001,
     employees commenced participation in the plan. The total number of shares
     of common stock issued under this plan

7

during the three months ended January 31, 2006 was 52,379 for proceeds of
     $79,695.

     The total number of shares of common stock issued under this plan during
     the three months ended January 31, 2005 was 51,666 for proceeds of $78,610.

     Restricted Shares

     75,000 shares on the Company's common stock that were granted on a
     restricted basis, and recorded as equity, in 2005 under the 2004 Stock
     Incentive Plan were forfeited in the first fiscal quarter of 2006. As a
     result, no compensation was recorded and the equity was reversed during the
     quarter.

3.   DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES

     The Company uses interest rate swaps to fix certain long term interest
     rates. The swap rates are based on the floating 30-day LIBOR rate and are
     structured such that if the loan rate for the period exceeds the fixed rate
     of the swap, then the bank pays the Company to lower the effective interest
     rate. Conversely, if the loan rate is lower than the fixed rate, the
     Company pays the bank additional interest.

     On May 3, 2005, the Company entered into an interest rate hedge ("swap")
     agreement in conjunction with its new senior financing (the "May 2005
     Swap"). The new credit agreement requires that the Company fix the interest
     rate on its term debt for the life of the loan. The May 2005 Swap fixes the
     interest rate at 4.66%, plus the applicable margin, 2.50% at January 31,
     2006 and 2.25% thereafter, and amortizes concurrently with the loan
     principal to fix the interest rate with respect to 75% of the outstanding
     principal. In addition to the May 2005 Swap, the Company has another swap
     (the "Original Swap") which is in the notional amount of $10 million and a
     fixed rate of 1.74%, plus the applicable margin. When the Original Swap
     matures in June 2006 the balance of the May 2005 Swap will increase to
     hedge 75% of the term loan on an amortizing basis. As of January 31, 2006,
     the total notional amount committed to swap agreements was $19.3 million.

     As of January 31, 2005, the Company had only the Original Swap for a total
     notional amount of $10 million.

8

Based on the floating rate for periods ended January 31, 2006 and 2005, the
     Company paid $53,000 less and $14,000 less in interest, respectively, than
     it would have without the swaps.

     These swaps are considered hedges under SFAS Nos. 133 and 137. Since the
     instruments are intended to hedge against variable cash flows, they are
     considered a cash flow hedge. As a result, the changes in the fair values
     of the derivatives are recognized as comprehensive income or loss until the
     hedged item is recognized in earnings.

4.   COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME

     The following table summarizes comprehensive income for the respective
     periods:

5.   INVENTORIES

     Inventories consisted of the following at:

6.   INCOME PER SHARE AND WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES

     The Company considers outstanding in-the-money stock options as potential
     common stock in its calculation of diluted earnings per share, unless the
     effect would be anti-dilutive, and uses the treasury stock method to
     calculate the applicable number of shares. The following calculation
     provides the reconciliation of the denominators used in the calculation of
     basic and fully diluted earnings per share:

9

There were 817,187 and 2,648,490 options outstanding as of January 31, 2006
     and 2005, respectively. For the three month periods ended January 31, 2006
     and 2005, there were 10,000 and 65,000 options used to calculate the effect
     of dilution, respectively. There were 807,187 and 2,583,490 options not
     included in the dilution calculation because the options' exercise price
     exceeded the market price of the underlying common shares.

7.   DEBT

     As of January 31, 2006 the Company had $600,000 outstanding on its
     acquisition line of credit and there was no outstanding loan balance but
     $1,391,000 of letters credit were outstanding on its revolving line of
     credit. Also as of January 31, 2006, there was $6,900,000 and $4,609,000
     available on the acquisition and revolving lines of credit, respectively.

     The Company's Loan and Security agreement requires that it be in compliance
     with certain financial covenants at the end of each fiscal quarter. The
     covenants include senior fixed charge coverage of greater than 1.25 to 1,
     total fixed charge coverage of greater than 1 to 1, and senior debt to
     EBITDA of greater than 2.75 to 1.

     As of January 31, 2006, the Company was in compliance with all of the
     financial covenants of its senior credit facility.

8.   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     Major components of intangible assets at January 31, 2006 and October 31,
     2005 consisted of:

10

Amortization expense for the periods ending January 31, 2006 and January
     31, 2005 was $208,807 and $195,282 respectively.

     The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the fiscal periods
     ending January 31, 2006 and October 31, 2005 are as follows:

9.   SUBSEQUENT EVENT

     On March 1, 2006 the Company extended the term of the $500,000 note
     receivable due to us on that date. The note was a portion of the proceeds
     related to the sale of the assets of the Company's retail segments on March
     1, 2004. The note receivable is now due on March 1, 2007. The remaining
     terms of the note remain substantially unchanged.

11

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as filed in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2005 as well as the condensed
consolidated financial statements and notes contained herein.

                           Forward-Looking Statements

When used in the Form 10-Q and in our future filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, the words or phrases "will likely result," "we expect,"
"will continue," "is anticipated," "estimated," "project," "outlook," or similar
expressions are intended to identify "forward-looking statements" within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution
readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, each
of which speaks only as of the date made. Such statements are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from historical earnings and those presently anticipated or projected. Among
these risks are water supply and reliance on commodity price fluctuations. We
have no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions which may be
made to any forward-looking statements to reflect anticipated or unanticipated
events or circumstances occurring after the date of such statements.

                              Results of Operations

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended January 31, 2006 (First
Quarter) Compared to the Three Months Ended January 31, 2005

Sales

Sales for the three months ended January 31, 2006 were $14,614,000 compared to
$13,964,000 for the corresponding period in 2005, an increase of $650,000 or 5%.
The increase was primarily the result of the growth of existing product lines
that more than offset a decline in equipment rental revenue in fiscal year 2005.
Excluding acquisitions, sales were up 3% for the three months ended January 31,
2006 compared to the corresponding period in 2005.

The comparative breakdown of sales of the product lines for the respective three
month periods ended January 31, 2006 and 2005 is as follows:

12

Water - Sales of water and related products increased as a result of a 4%
increase in volume net of a 3% decrease in price. Acquisition activity had no
material impact on sales growth for water products.

Coffee and Other Products - Sales of coffee and other products increased 3% from
sales volume obtained in acquisitions. Net of acquisitions, sales increased 10%.
This increase in sales was attributable to increased volume of all products in
this category but primarily to the growth of single serve coffee, which grew
37%, to $1,565,000 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006 compared to
$1,142,000 in the same period in fiscal year 2005. In addition, "other product"
sales include fuel adjustments charged to customers to offset increased fuel
costs. The fees, which totaled $207,000 for the first quarter of fiscal year
2006, were not charged in the first quarter of fiscal year 2005 and accounted
for 4% of the total 13% increase for the category.

Equipment Rental - Equipment rental revenue decreased in the first quarter
compared to the same period in fiscal year 2005 primarily as a result of a
decline in average cooler rental pricing which decreased 3%. Also, cooler
placements declined approximately 1%. The decrease in price and placements is
directly attributable to continuing competition from other rental and retail
outlets. Acquisition activity had no impact on equipment rental.

Gross Profit/Cost of Goods Sold - For the three months ended January 31, 2006,
gross profit increased $182,000, or 2%, to $8,214,000 from $8,032,000 for the
comparable period in 2005. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to
higher sales. As a percentage of sales, gross profit decreased to 56% of sales
during the quarter from 58% for the comparable period in fiscal year 2005. The
decrease in gross profit, as a percentage of sales, was attributable to a change
in product sales mix as the sales increase is skewed to lower margin products.
Most notably, the profit margin on single serve coffee is less than water and
traditional coffee products.

Operating Expenses and Income from Operations

Total operating expenses increased to $7,278,000 in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2006 from $7,210,000 in the comparable period in fiscal year 2005, an
increase of $68,000, or 1%.

Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses of $6,802,000 in the first
quarter of fiscal year 2006 remained essentially unchanged compared to
$6,777,000 in the same period of fiscal 2005. Of total SG&A expenses, route
distribution costs increased $26,000, or 1%. The increase is attributable to
route labor costs which increased $94,000, or 5% corresponding with sales, as
well as fuel and repair costs. The increase in these costs was partially offset
by a decrease in other route costs, primarily lease and insurance costs. Selling
costs increased $54,000, or 8%, as a result of increased sales staffing and
compensation. Administration costs decreased $55,000, or 2%, primarily as a
result of a decrease in outside professional fees.

Advertising expenses were $270,000 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006
compared to $256,000 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2005, an increase of
$14,000, or 5%. The increase in advertising costs is related to an increase in
yellow page advertising.

13

Amortization increased to $209,000 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006 from
$195,000 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2005. This increase is attributable
to intangible assets that were acquired as part of several acquisitions in
fiscal year 2004 and 2005.

Income from operations for the three months ended January 31, 2006 was $936,000
compared to $822,000 in the same period in 2005, an increase of $114,000, or
14%. The increase was a result of higher sales and gross margin and only
slightly higher operating costs.

Interest, Taxes, and Other Expenses - Income from Continuing Operations

Interest expense was $816,000 for the three months ended January 31, 2005
compared to $811,000 in the three months ended January 31, 2005, an increase of
$5,000. Higher interest costs were primarily a result of higher market interest
rates and fixing an additional amount of senior debt at a rate higher than short
term rates.

Income from continuing operations before income taxes was $120,000 for the three
months ended January 31, 2006 compared to income from continuing operations
before income taxes of $11,000 in the corresponding period in fiscal year 2005,
an improvement of $109,000. The tax expense for the first quarter of fiscal year
2006 was $55,000 and was based on the expected effective tax rate of 46% for the
entire fiscal year 2006. We recorded a tax expense of $5,000 related to income
from operations in the first quarter of fiscal year 2005 based on an effective
tax rate of 41%. The effective tax rates were calculated by estimating the
federal tax liability, combined with the pertinent taxes in the states in which
we operate and non-deductible permanent items, for the full fiscal year.

Net Income

Net income of $65,000 for the three months ended January 31, 2006 increased from
net income of $7,000 in the corresponding period in fiscal year 2005. The
increase is attributable to higher sales, improved gross margin, and stable
operating and interest expenses in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006 as
compared to the same period in fiscal year 2005.

Trends

While sales have continued to grow, net of acquisitions, from year to year, the
increase has generally been generated by our non-core products. As we have
discussed in the past, industry dynamics have created a more competitive
environment for our core products in most markets in recent years. We expect
water sales to continue to grow and rental revenue to continue to slowly
decrease or remain flat from year to year. The decrease in rental revenue will
be offset from the sale of coolers and coffee machines. We expect single serve
coffee continue to increase at a rate comparable to the last 12 months. However,
the growth of coffee sales and sale of equipment are not as profitable as our
traditional product lines - five gallon water and cooler rental. We expect to
increase net income in 2006 but the extent of the increase is largely dependent
the on coffee and ancillary products and new product offerings to leverage our
distribution system.

Operating costs continue to be threatened by outside conditions such as fuel,
insurance, and administrative expenses related to regulatory requirements. The
SEC has extended the period to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
for non-accelerated filers. We absorbed some of

14

this compliance cost in fiscal year 2005 and expect that most of the remainder
of the anticipated cost to comply will be incurred in fiscal year 2007.

In addition, the potential of growth through acquisitions remains viable. We
have ample opportunities to acquire businesses through small acquisitions and
will take advantage of these opportunities based on price, potential synergies,
and access to capital.

                         Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of January 31, 2006 we had working capital of $2,559,000 compared to
$3,372,000 as of October 31, 2005, a decrease of $813,000. The decrease in
working capital is reflective of seasonal decreases in cash and accounts
receivable of $200,000 and $397,000 respectively, and a reduction in prepaid
expenses of $507,000 primarily related to insurance costs. The reduction in
these current assets more than offset a seasonal decrease in accounts payable of
$938,000. In addition, working capital decreased as a result of the
reclassification of a $500,000 note receivable from current to long term based
on an extension of the terms.

On March 1, 2006 the Company extended the term of the $500,000 note receivable
due to us on that date. The note was a portion of the proceeds related to the
sale of the assets of the Company's retail segments on March 1, 2004. The note
receivable is now due on March 1, 2007. The remaining terms of the note remain
substantially unchanged.

We routinely use cash for capital expenditures and repayment of debt. In the
first quarter of fiscal year 2006 we spent $672,000 on capital expenditures
including coolers, brewers, bottles and racks related to home and office
distribution as well as bottling equipment and leasehold improvements.

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2006 we paid $750,000 to pay down our term
debt with Bank of America. As of January 31, 2006 we had $600,000 outstanding on
our acquisition line of credit and there was no outstanding loan balance but
$1,391,000 of letters credit outstanding on our revolving line of credit. Also
as of January 31, 2006, there was $6,900,000 and $4,609,000 available on the
acquisition and revolving lines of credit, respectively.

Our Loan and Security agreement requires that we be in compliance with certain
financial covenants at the end of each fiscal quarter. The covenant requirements
include senior fixed charge coverage of greater than 1.25 to 1, total fixed
charge coverage of greater than 1 to 1, and senior debt to EBITDA of greater
than 2.75 to 1.

As of January 31, 2006 we are in compliance with all of the financial covenants
of our senior credit facility.

In addition to our senior and subordinated debt commitments, we have significant
future cash commitments, primarily in the form of operating leases that are not
reported on the balance sheet. The following table sets forth our contractual
commitments as of January 31, 2005:

15

(1)  Interest based on 75% of outstanding senior debt at the hedged interest
     rate discussed above, 25% of outstanding senior debt at a variable rate of
     6.82%, and subordinated debt at a rate of 12%.

As of the date of this report, we have no other material contractual obligations
or commitments.

16

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS

Market risks relating to our operations result primarily from changes in
interest rates and commodity prices.

INTEREST RATE RISKS

We use interest rate "swap" agreements to curtail interest rate risk. At January
31, 2006, we had approximately $7,000,000 of long-term debt subject to variable
interest rates. Under the credit agreement with Bank of America, we pay interest
at a rate of LIBOR plus a margin of 2.50%, or 7.07% at January 31, 2006. A
hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the LIBOR rate would result in an
additional $70,000 of interest expense on an annualized basis. Conversely, a
decrease would result in a proportionate interest cost savings.

As of January 31, 2006, we have fixed the interest rate on $10 million of debt
at 4.24% with a swap agreement until June 2006 (the "Original Swap"). On May 3,
2005, we entered into a second swap in conjunction with our senior financing
(the "May 2005 Swap"). Our credit agreement requires that we fix the interest
rate on 75% of our term debt for the life of the loan. The May 2005 Swap fixes
the interest rate at 4.66%, plus the applicable margin, 2.50% at January 31,
2006, and amortizes concurrently with the loan principal to fix the interest
rate with respect to 75% of the outstanding principal, including the Original
Swap. When the Original Swap matures in June 2006 the balance of the May 2005
swap will increase to fix the interest rate on 75% of the term loan on an
amortizing basis. As of January 31, 2006, the total notional amount committed to
swap agreements was $19.3 million.

As of January 31, 2006, these were rates favorable to the market. We will
continue to evaluate swap rates as the market dictates. They serve to stabilize
our cash flow and expense but ultimately may cost more or less in interest than
if we had carried all of our debt at a variable rate over the swap term. To date
we have fixed rates as required by our credit agreement with the bank. Future
low rates may compel us to fix a higher portion to further stabilize cash flow
and expenses as we monitor short and long term rates and debt balances.

COMMODITY PRICE RISKS

Coffee

The cost of our coffee purchases is dictated by commodity prices. We enter into
contracts to mitigate market fluctuation of these costs by fixing the price with
our suppliers for certain periods. Currently, we have fixed the price of our
anticipated supply through May 2006 at "green" prices ranging from $.95 to $1.15
per pound. We are not insulated from price fluctuations beyond that date. At our
existing sales levels, an increase in pricing of $.10 per pound would increase
our total cost for coffee $75,000, on an annual basis. In this case, competitors
that had fixed pricing might have a competitive advantage.

17

Diesel Fuel

We operate vehicles to deliver product to customers. The cost of fuel to operate
these vehicles fluctuates over time. Over the last year, fuel prices increased
significantly. We estimate that a $0.10 increase per gallon in fuel cost would
result in an increase to operating costs of approximately $60,000 on an annual
basis. In aggregate, we have spent approximately an additional $83,000 on fuel
as a result of higher prices in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006 compared
to the comparable period of 2005. We have offset some of this cost by adjusting
our price to our customers on a monthly basis while fuel prices are higher.

18

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Our chief executive officer, our chief financial officer, and other members of
our senior management team have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) as January 31, 2006. Based on such evaluation, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, were
adequate and effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required
to be disclosed by us, including our consolidated subsidiary, in reports that we
file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Commission's rules and forms.

The effectiveness of a system of disclosure controls and procedures is subject
to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in
decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the
soundness of internal controls, and fraud. Due to such inherent limitations,
there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures
will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in making all material
information known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of management.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

During the three months ended January 31, 2006, there were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or were
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.

19

PART II - Other Information

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

     There have been no material changes in our Risk Factors since they were
disclosed in Form 10-K for the period ending October 31, 2005.

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS

20

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 17, 2006

                                        VERMONT PURE HOLDINGS, LTD.

By: /s/ Bruce S. MacDonald
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Bruce S. MacDonald
                                            Vice President, Chief Financial
                                            Officer (Principal Accounting
                                            Officer and Principal Financial
                                            Officer)

21

Exhibits Filed Herewith

22

<EX-31.1>
 2
 b59905vpexv31w1.txt
 EX- 31.1 SECTION 302 OF CERTIFICATION CEO

EXHIBIT 31.1

                                  CERTIFICATION
                         PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
                           SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Peter K. Baker, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vermont Pure Holdings,
Ltd.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;

     b)   evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

     c)   disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

     b)   any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: March 17, 2006

/s/ Peter K. Baker
- -------------------------------------
Peter K. Baker
Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 b59905vpexv31w2.txt
 EX-31.2 SECTION 302 OF CERTIFICATION CFO

EXHIBIT 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION
                         PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
                           SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Bruce S. MacDonald, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vermont Pure Holdings,
Ltd.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;

     b)   evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

     c)   disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

     b)   any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: March 17, 2006

/s/ Bruce S. MacDonald
- -------------------------------------
Bruce S. MacDonald
Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 b59905vpexv32w1.txt
 EX-32.1 SECTION 906 OF CERTIFICATION CEO

EXHIBIT 32.1

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

     In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Vermont Pure
Holdings, Ltd. (the "Company") for the quarter ended January 31, 2006, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"),
the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best
knowledge and belief of the signatory, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

          (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
     or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

          (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
     material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
     Company.

/s/ Peter K. Baker
- -------------------------------------
Peter K. Baker
Chief Executive Officer

DATE: MARCH 17, 2006

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 b59905vpexv32w2.txt
 EX-32.2 SECTION 906 OF CERTIFICATION CFO

EXHIBIT 32.2

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

     In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Vermont Pure
Holdings, Ltd. (the "Company") for the quarter ended January 31, 2006, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"),
the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best
knowledge and belief of the signatory, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

          (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
     or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

          (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
     material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
     Company.

/s/ Bruce S. MacDonald
- -------------------------------------
Bruce S. MacDonald
Chief Financial Officer

DATE: MARCH 17, 2006

</EX-32.2>

