<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060213_10-Q_edgar_data_1035513_0001019056-06-000137_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>343747</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>270550</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1055</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001019056-06-000137.hdr.sgml : 20060213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060213143453
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019056-06-000137
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRSTBANK NW CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001035513
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				841389562
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22435
		FILM NUMBER:		06602741

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 16TH AVENUE
		CITY:			CLARKSTON
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5092955100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 16TH AVENUE
		CITY:			CLARKSTON
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRSTBANK CORP/ID
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970312

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 DlXHH27KSwmDGJgitBnx/0lJX4ZR7aoumvlYzEmgpHb6JNLmSRcHX75+gWfQ52hP
 RZgLV13KW5eshlxNKjhj1Q==

 0001019056-06-000137.txt : 20060213

10-Q
 1
 firstbank_4q05.txt
 FORM 10-Q
 
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-Q

                                   (Mark One)

             [X] Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
                      the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the quarterly period ended December 31, 2005

[ ] Transition report under Section 13 or 15(d) of
                       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the transition period from _______ to _________

                         Commission file number 0-22435

                               FIRSTBANK NW CORP.
                ------------------------------------------------
                (Name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                   Washington                             84-1389562
         -------------------------------             -------------------
         (State or other jurisdiction of              (I.R.S. Employer
          incorporation or organization)             Identification No.)

                      1300 16th Avenue Clarkston, WA 99403
                    ----------------------------------------
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

                                 (509) 295-5100
              ----------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] Yes [ ] No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Check one:

Large accelerated filer [ ]   Accelerated filer [ ]    Non-accelerated filer [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [ ] Yes [X] No

                      APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of
common stock as of the latest practicable date: Common Stock 2,958,190 shares
outstanding on January 31, 2006. These shares do not reflect the increased
shares issued at the close of business on February 9, 2006 as a result of a
two-for-one stock split in the form of a 100% per share stock dividend on the
Company's outstanding common stock.

FIRSTBANK NW CORP.
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Page
Item 1.  Financial Statements
         Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition
            December 31, 2005 and March 31, 2005                           1
         Consolidated Statements of Income
            For the three months and nine months ended
            December 31, 2005 and 2004                                     2
         Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
            For the three months and nine months ended
            December 31, 2005 and 2004                                     3
         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
            For the nine months ended December 31, 2005 and 2004           4
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                      5 - 12

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial              13 - 27
         Condition and Results of Operations

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       28

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures                                          28

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings                                                29
Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      29
Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities                                  29
Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders              29
Item 5.  Other Information                                                29
Item 6.  Exhibits                                                       29 - 30

SIGNATURES                                                                31

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1 - Financial Statements

                       FirstBank NW Corp. and Subsidiaries
                 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition
                                   (Unaudited)
                             (Dollars in Thousands)
 
           See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                                                               1

FirstBank NW Corp. and Subsidiaries
                        Consolidated Statements of Income
                                   (Unaudited)
                  (Dollars in Thousands, except per share data)

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                                                               2

FirstBank NW Corp. and Subsidiaries
                 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                                   (Unaudited)
                             (Dollars in Thousands)

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                                                               3

FirstBank NW Corp. and Subsidiaries,
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                   (Unaudited)
                             (Dollars in Thousands)

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

                                                                               4

FIRSTBANK NW CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

(1)      BASIS OF PRESENTATION

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America ("GAAP") for interim financial information and with the instructions
to Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and
footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. These statements
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
related notes included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of FirstBank NW Corp.
(the "Company") for the year ended March 31, 2005. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a
fair presentation have been included. The results of operations and other data
for the nine months ended December 31, 2005 are not necessarily indicative of
results that may be expected for the entire fiscal year ending March 31, 2006.

The Company's unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of its wholly-owned subsidiary, FirstBank Northwest (the "Bank"), and the Bank's
wholly-owned subsidiaries, TriStar Financial Corporation and Pioneer Development
Corporation. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.

The following table illustrates the effect on net income if the Company had
applied the fair value recognition provisions of Financial Accounting Standards
Board ("FASB") Statement No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," to
stock-based compensation. See also Note 9 of these Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements (unaudited).

Critical Accounting Policies. Critical accounting policies are defined as those
that reflect significant judgments and uncertainties, and could result in
materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. Not all
critical accounting policies require management to make difficult, subjective or
complex judgments or estimates. However, management believes that the following
policies could be considered critical within the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC") definition. We believe that our most critical accounting
policies upon which our financial condition depends, and which involve the most
complex or subjective decisions or assessments are as follows:

                                                                               5

Allowance for Loan Losses. Arriving at an appropriate level of reserve for loan
losses involves a high degree of judgment. The provision for loan losses is
based upon management's ongoing review and evaluation of the loan portfolio and
consideration of economic conditions which may affect the ability of borrowers
to repay their loans on their due date. The Board of Directors also reviews
these factors on a regular basis. A loan loss grading system assists management
in determining the overall risk in the loan portfolio. Individual loans are
reviewed periodically for classification into six categories: satisfactory,
acceptable, special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss, and are assigned a
loan loss percentage. The change in loan types per category is multiplied by the
assigned loan loss percent to arrive at the basic monthly adjustment to the
provision for loan loss expense. The second element of the provision for loan
losses is based on management's review and evaluation of the allowance for loan
losses based on an analysis of historical trends, individual loans for which
full collectibility may not be reasonably assured, estimated fair value of the
underlying collateral, industry comparisons, current and anticipated economic
conditions in the Bank's market, and inherent risks in the Bank's portfolio. The
reserve may be affected by changing economic conditions and various external
factors, which may impact the portfolio in ways currently unforeseen. The
reserve is increased by provisions for loan losses and by recoveries of loans
previously charged-off and reduced by loans charged-off.

While the Bank believes it has established its existing allowance for loan
losses in accordance with GAAP, there can be no assurance that regulators, in
reviewing the Bank's loan portfolio, will not request the Bank to increase
significantly its allowance for loan losses. In addition, because future events
affecting borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, there can
be no assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate or that
substantial increases will not be necessary should the quality of any loans
deteriorate as a result of the factors discussed above. Any material increase in
the allowance for loan losses would adversely affect the Bank's and the
Company's financial condition and results of operations.

Mortgage Servicing Rights ("MSRs"). Determination of the fair value of MSRs
requires the estimation of multiple interdependent variables, the most
significant of which is mortgage prepayment speeds. Prepayment speeds are
estimates of the pace and magnitude of future mortgage payoff or refinance
behavior of customers whose loans are serviced by the Company. At least
quarterly, the Company engages a qualified third party to provide an estimate of
the fair value of MSRs using a discounted cash flow model with assumptions and
estimates based upon observable market-based data and methodology common to the
mortgage servicing market. Management believes the model applies reasonable
assumptions under the circumstances, however, because of possible volatility in
the market price of MSRs, and the vagaries of any relatively illiquid market,
there can be no assurance that risk management and existing accounting practices
will prevent impairment charges in future periods.

The cost of mortgage servicing rights is amortized in proportion to, and over
the period of, estimated net servicing revenues. Impairment of mortgage
servicing rights is assessed based on the fair value of those rights. Fair
values are estimated using prices for similar assets with similar
characteristics, when available, or based upon discounted cash flows using
market-based assumptions. For purposes of measuring impairment, the rights are
stratified by predominant characteristics, such as interest rates and terms. The
amount of impairment recognized is the amount by which the capitalized mortgage
servicing rights for a stratum exceeds their fair value.

Securities. Estimates are used in the presentation of the securities portfolio
and these estimates impact the presentation of the Company's financial condition
and results of operations. Many of the securities included in the securities
portfolio are purchased at a premium or discount. The premiums or discounts are
amortized or accreted over the life of the security. For mortgage-related
securities, including collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMOs"), the
amortization or accretion is based on estimated lives of the securities. The
lives of the securities can fluctuate based on the amount of prepayments
received on the underlying collateral of the securities. The Company uses
estimates for the lives of these mortgage-related securities based on
information provided by third parties. The Company adjusts the rate of
amortization or accretion regularly to reflect changes in the estimated lives of
these securities.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Analysis of the fair value of recorded
goodwill for impairment involves a substantial amount of judgment, as well as
establishing and monitoring estimated lives of other amortizable intangible
assets. The Company has goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of a
business combination. The Company adopted Financial Accounting Standard No. 142,
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" effective January 1, 2002. In accordance
with the standard, goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives are no
longer being amortized but instead will be tested for impairment on an annual
basis or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Management has
completed impairment testing for the Company's goodwill and other intangibles
with indefinite lives and determined that there was no impairment. There has not
been any material change in the goodwill and other intangible assets disclosure
contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2005.

                                                                               6

(2)      LOANS RECEIVABLE

Loans receivable at December 31, 2005 and March 31, 2005 consisted of the
following:

                                                 December 31,     March 31,
                                                     2005           2005
                                                 ------------   ------------
                                                       (In Thousands)
         Real estate loans:
              Residential                        $    117,800   $    117,541
              Commercial                              190,584        173,757
              Agricultural                             19,301         19,434
              Construction                            100,101         69,148

         Other loans:
              Commercial (non-real estate)             86,973         92,780
              Other consumer                           40,689         38,724
              Home equity                              41,008         37,806
              Agricultural (non-real estate)           25,615         22,625
                                                 ------------   ------------

         Total loans receivable                       622,071        571,815

         Less:
              Unearned loan fees and discounts          2,501          2,460
              Allowance for loan losses                 8,519          7,254
                                                 ------------   ------------

         Loans receivable, net                   $    611,051   $    562,101
                                                 ============   ============

The following table sets forth the breakdown of the allowance for loan losses by
loan category for the dates indicated. The allocation of the allowance to each
category is not necessarily indicative of future losses and does not restrict
the use of the allowance to absorb losses in any other category.

7

The following table sets forth the changes in the Bank's allowance for loan
losses for the periods indicated.

The following table sets forth information with respect to the Bank's
nonperforming assets and restructured loans within the meaning of GAAP at the
dates indicated. The Bank's policy is to cease accruing interest on loans more
than 90 days past due.

8

(3)      MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS

The cost of mortgage servicing rights is amortized in proportion to, and over
the period of, estimated net servicing revenues. Impairment of mortgage
servicing rights is assessed based on the fair value of those rights. Fair
values are estimated using prices for similar assets with similar
characteristics, when available, or based upon discounted cash flows using
market-based assumptions. For purposes of measuring impairment, the rights are
stratified by predominant characteristics, such as interest rates and terms. The
amount of impairment recognized is the amount by which the capitalized mortgage
servicing rights for a stratum exceeds their fair value. The accumulated
allowance for impairment on mortgage servicing rights at December 31, 2005 and
2004 was $302,000 and $360,000, respectively.

The following table is an analysis of the changes in mortgage servicing rights
for the periods indicated:

                                            Nine Months     Nine Months
                                               Ended           Ended
                                            December 31,    December 31,
                                                2005            2004
                                            ------------    ------------
                                                   (In Thousands)

         Beginning Balance                  $        614    $        710
            Additions                                 41              20
            Amortization                            (154)           (135)
            Impairment recovery                       44              67
                                            ------------    ------------
         Ending Balance                     $        545    $        662
                                            ============    ============

(4)      GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Goodwill at December 31, 2005 was $16.7 million. No impairment loss on goodwill
and other intangible assets was recorded for the nine months ended December 31,
2005 as there were no impairment indicators during the period.

The core deposit intangible at December 31, 2005 was $2.3 million, net of
accumulated amortization of $1.6 million.

                                                                               9

(5)      FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES AND OTHER BORROWINGS

The Bank utilizes advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle ("FHLB")
to supplement its supply of lendable funds and to meet deposit withdrawal
requirements. The FHLB functions as a central reserve bank, providing credit for
savings associations and certain other member financial institutions. As a
member of the FHLB, the Bank is required to own capital stock in the FHLB and is
authorized to apply for advances on the security of the stock and certain of its
mortgage loans and other assets (principally securities that are obligations of,
or guaranteed by, the U.S. Government) provided certain creditworthiness
standards have been met. Advances are made pursuant to several different credit
programs. Each credit program has its own interest rate and range of maturities.
Depending on the program, limitations on the amount of advances are based on the
financial condition of the member institution and the adequacy of collateral
pledged to secure the credit. The Bank is currently authorized to borrow from
the FHLB up to an amount equal to 30% of total assets, provided that the Bank
holds sufficient collateral. Advances from the FHLB at December 31, 2005 and
March 31, 2005 were $173.6 million and $183.2 million, respectively. The Bank
also maintains an additional credit facility of $20.0 million with US Bank.
There were no outstanding balances under this facility at December 31, 2005 and
March 31, 2005. The Holding Corporation maintains an additional credit facility
of $3.5 million with US Bank. There were outstanding balances of $3.3 million
and $2.2 million at December 31, 2005 and March 31, 2005, respectively. The Bank
maintains an additional credit facility with the Portland Branch Office of the
Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. There were no outstanding balances under
this facility at December 31, 2005 and March 31, 2005. On June 10, 2005, the
Bank entered into a Subordinated Debenture Purchase Agreement with US Bank of
$3.0 million to be repaid in full on June 10, 2015.

Scheduled maturities of FHLB advances and other borrowings were as follows:

As of December 31, 2005 and March 31, 2005, there were $40.8 million and $45.8
million, respectively, of advances from the FHLB that were callable.

(6)      DIVIDENDS

On October 7, 2005, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.10 per
common share to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November
7, 2005. This dividend was paid on December 2, 2005. At the close of business on
February 9, 2006, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.10 per
common share to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February
23, 2006. The dividend will be paid on March 9, 2006. These cash dividends
reflect the increased shares issued at the close of business on February 9, 2006
as a result of a two-for-one stock split in the form of a 100% per share stock
dividend on the Company's outstanding common stock as referenced in Note 10.

                                                                              10

(7)      EARNINGS PER SHARE

Earnings per share ("EPS") is computed by dividing net income by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding in accordance with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 128, "Earnings Per Share." Diluted
earnings per share takes into account the potential dilutive impact of such
instruments as stock options and uses average market price for the period in
determining the number of incremental shares to add to the weighted-average
number of shares outstanding.

The following table reconciles the number of common shares used in the basic and
diluted EPS calculations, as adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock split as
referenced in Note 10:

Outstanding options to purchase 306,948 shares and 314,918 shares of the
Company's common stock were included in the computation of diluted EPS as of
December 31, 2005 and as of December 31, 2004, respectively. There were no
outstanding options to purchase shares of the Company's common stock excluded in
the computation of diluted EPS as their effect would have been antidilutive.

                                                                              11

(8)      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK

Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees written are conditional
commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to
a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and
private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and
similar transactions. At December 31, 2005 and March 31, 2005, these commitments
totaled $7.8 million and $4.8 million, respectively. The credit risk involved in
issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending
loan facilities to customers. The Company holds cash, marketable securities, or
real estate as collateral supporting those commitments for which collateral is
deemed necessary. The Company has not been required to perform on any financial
guarantees during the past three years. The Company has not incurred any losses
on its commitments during the past three years. The liability recorded
associated with standby letters of credit at December 31, 2005 and March 31,
2005 was $25,000.

(9)      EFFECT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment."
This Statement replaces FASB Statement No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation" and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees". Statement No. 123(R) requires that the compensation cost relating to
share-based payment transactions (for example, stock options granted to
employees of the Company) be recognized in financial statements. That cost will
be measured based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments used.
Statement 123(R) covers a wide range of share-based compensation arrangements
including share options, restricted share plans, performance-based awards, share
appreciation rights, and employee share purchase plans. Public entities will be
required to apply Statement No. 123(R) as of the beginning of the next fiscal
year that begins after June 15, 2005. The Company intends to adopt the
provisions of FASB Statement No. 123(R) effective April 1, 2006, and is in the
process of evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial position and
consolidated results of operations.

(10)     SUBSEQUENT EVENT

In January 2006, the Corporation's Board of Directors declared a two-for-one
stock split in the form of a 100% per share stock dividend on the Corporation's
outstanding common stock. The stock dividend was paid as of the close of
business on February 9, 2006. Each shareholder of record as of the close of
business on January 26, 2006 received one additional share for every share
outstanding on the record date. The Company's common stock outstanding shares,
weighted average shares outstanding, and earnings per share have been adjusted
in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and the Consolidated
Statements of Income to reflect the two-for-one stock split.

                                                                              12

Item 2

                     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

GENERAL

Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations is intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. The information contained in this section
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes thereto in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended March 31, 2005.

Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations and other portions of this Form 10-Q contain certain forward-looking
statements concerning the future operations of the Company. Management desires
to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this statement for the express
purpose of availing the Company of the protections of the safe harbor with
respect to all forward-looking statements. The Company has used forward-looking
statements to describe future plans and strategies, including expectations of
the Company's future financial results. Management's ability to predict results
or the effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors
which could affect the results include interest rate trends, the general
economic climate in the Bank's market area and the country as a whole, the real
estate market in Washington, Idaho and Oregon, the demand for mortgage loans,
the ability of the Company to control costs and expenses, competition and
pricing, loan delinquency rates, and changes in federal and state regulation.
These factors should be considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements,
and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. The Company does not
undertake to update any forward-looking statements.

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

The profitability of the Company's operations depends primarily on its net
interest income, its non-interest income (principally from loan origination fees
and transaction account service charges) and its non-interest expense. Net
interest income is the difference between the income the Company receives on its
loan and investment portfolio and its cost of funds, which consists of interest
paid on deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is a function of the
Company's interest rate spread, which is the difference between the yield earned
on interest-earning assets and the rate paid on total deposits and borrowed
funds, as well as a function of the average balance of interest-earning assets
as compared to the average balance of total deposits and borrowed funds.
Non-interest income is comprised of income from mortgage banking activities,
transaction service charge fees, gain on the occasional sale of assets and
miscellaneous fees and income. Mortgage banking generates income from the sale
of mortgage loans and from servicing fees on loans serviced for others. The
contribution of mortgage banking activities to the Company's results of
operations is highly dependent on the demand for loans by borrowers and
investors, and therefore the amount of gain on sale of loans may vary
significantly from period to period as a result of changes in market interest
rates and the local and national economy. The Company's profitability is also
affected by the level of non-interest expense. Non-interest expenses include
compensation and benefits, occupancy and maintenance expenses, deposit insurance
premiums, data servicing expenses, advertising expenses, supplies and postage,
and other operating costs. The Company's results of operations may be adversely
affected during periods of reduced loan demand to the extent that non-interest
expenses associated with mortgage banking activities are not reduced
commensurate with the decrease in loan originations.

On July 1, 1997, FirstBank Northwest converted from mutual to stock form and
became a wholly owned subsidiary of a newly formed Delaware holding company,
FirstBank Corp. The Company sold 1,983,750 shares of common stock at $10.00 per
share in conjunction with a subscription offering to the Bank's Employee Stock
Ownership Plan ("ESOP") and eligible account holders. The net proceeds were
approximately $18.9 million. The Company used approximately $9.5 million of the
net proceeds to purchase all the capital stock of the Bank. In addition, the
Company loaned approximately $1.6 million to the ESOP for the purchase of shares
in the offering. In January 1998, the Bank changed its charter to a Washington
state savings bank. In September 1999, the Company changed its state of
incorporation from Delaware to Washington.

The Company's principal business is the business of the Bank. Management
believes that the Company operates under a single business segment; therefore,
the discussion in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions
and Results of Operations relates to the Bank and its operations. At December
31, 2005, the Bank had eight depository offices in Idaho, three in Washington,
and nine in Oregon. The Bank also operates six real estate loan production
centers and five commercial and agricultural production centers.

On October 31, 2003, the Company completed the acquisition of Oregon Trail
Financial Corp. ("Oregon Trail") and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Pioneer Bank,
for approximately $36.5 million in cash and 1,480,064 shares of the Company's
common stock. The acquisition doubled the Company's asset size and shares of
common stock outstanding. The Company is the surviving holding company with 100%
ownership of the Bank, and the Bank is the surviving thrift subsidiary.

                                                                              13

In April 2004, the Bank opened a retail deposit facility in Boise, Idaho. In
October 2004, the Bank opened a loan production office in Nampa, Idaho for
mortgage real estate lending.

Business Strategy. The Company's strategy is to operate as an independent
community-based financial institution serving commercial, agricultural, small
business, and individual financial needs. The Company focuses on providing
exceptional customer service in the delivery of quality and competitive deposit
and loan products, and it strives to deliver local decisions to each community
served. The principal business is to attract deposits from individuals,
businesses and public entities, which are invested primarily in commercial,
agricultural, small business and consumer loans, both real estate and non-real
estate. The Company intends to pursue this strategy and endeavors to continue to
diversify the loan portfolio consistent with its commercial banking philosophy.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Critical accounting policies are defined as those that reflect significant
judgments and uncertainties, and could result in materially different results
under different assumptions and conditions. Not all critical accounting policies
require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments or
estimates. However, management believes that the following policies could be
considered critical within the SEC definition. The Company believes that its
most critical accounting policies upon which our financial condition depends,
and which involve the most complex or subjective decisions or assessments are as
follows:

Allowance for Loan Losses. Arriving at an appropriate level of reserve for loan
losses involves a high degree of judgment. The provision for loan losses is
based upon management's ongoing review and evaluation of the loan portfolio and
consideration of economic conditions which may affect the ability of borrowers
to repay their loans on their due date. The Board of Directors also reviews
these factors on a regular basis. A loan loss grading system assists management
in determining the overall risk in the loan portfolio. Individual loans are
reviewed periodically for classification into six categories: satisfactory,
acceptable, special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss; and are assigned a
loan loss percentage. The change in loan types per category is multiplied by the
assigned loan loss percent to arrive at the basic monthly adjustment to the
provision for loan loss expense. The second element of the provision for loan
losses is based on management's review and evaluation of the allowance for loan
losses based on an analysis of historical trends, individual loans for which
full collectibility may not be reasonably assured, estimated fair value of the
underlying collateral, industry comparisons, current and anticipated economic
conditions in the Bank's market, and inherent risks in the Bank's portfolio. The
reserve may be affected by changing economic conditions and various external
factors, which may impact the portfolio in ways currently unforeseen. The
reserve is increased by provisions for loan losses and by recoveries of loans
previously charged-off and reduced by loans charged-off.

While the Bank believes it has established its existing allowance for loan
losses in accordance with GAAP, there can be no assurance that regulators, in
reviewing the Bank's loan portfolio, will not request the Bank to increase
significantly its allowance for loan losses. In addition, because future events
affecting borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, there can
be no assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate or that
substantial increases will not be necessary should the quality of any loans
deteriorate as a result of the factors discussed above. Any material increase in
the allowance for loan losses would adversely affect the Bank's financial
condition and results of operations.

Mortgage Servicing Rights ("MSRs"). Determination of the fair value of MSRs
requires the estimation of multiple interdependent variables, the most
significant of which is mortgage prepayment speeds. Prepayment speeds are
estimates of the pace and magnitude of future mortgage payoff or refinance
behavior of customers whose loans are serviced by the Company. At least
quarterly, the Company engages a qualified third party to provide an estimate of
the fair value of MSRs using a discounted cash flow model with assumptions and
estimates based upon observable market-based data and methodology common to the
mortgage servicing market. Management believes the model applies reasonable
assumptions under the circumstances, however, because of possible volatility in
the market price of MSRs, and the vagaries of any relatively illiquid market,
there can be no assurance that risk management and existing accounting practices
will prevent impairment charges in future periods.

The cost of mortgage servicing rights is amortized in proportion to, and over
the period of, estimated net servicing revenues. Impairment of mortgage
servicing rights is assessed based on the fair value of those rights. Fair
values are estimated using prices for similar assets with similar
characteristics, when available, or based upon discounted cash flows using
market-based assumptions. For purposes of measuring impairment, the rights are
stratified by predominant characteristics, such as interest rates and terms. The
amount of impairment recognized is the amount by which the capitalized mortgage
servicing rights for a stratum exceeds their fair value.

                                                                              14

Securities. Estimates are used in the presentation of the securities portfolio
and these estimates impact the presentation of the Company's financial condition
and results of operations. Many of the securities included in the securities
portfolio are purchased at a premium or discount. The premiums or discounts are
amortized or accreted over the life of the security. For mortgage-related
securities, including CMOs, the amortization or accretion is based on estimated
lives of the securities. The lives of the securities can fluctuate based on the
amount of prepayments received on the underlying collateral of the securities.
The Company uses estimates for the lives of these mortgage-related securities
based on information provided by third parties. The Company adjusts the rate of
amortization or accretion regularly to reflect changes in the estimated lives of
these securities.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Analysis of the fair value of recorded
goodwill for impairment involves a substantial amount of judgment, as well as
establishing and monitoring estimated lives of other amortizable intangible
assets. The Company has goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of a
business combination. The Company adopted Financial Accounting Standard No. 142,
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" effective January 1, 2002. In accordance
with the standard, goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives are no
longer being amortized but instead will be tested for impairment on an annual
basis or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Management has
completed impairment testing for the Company's goodwill and other intangibles
with indefinite lives and determined that there was no impairment.

Comparison of Financial Condition at December 31, 2005 and March 31, 2005

Assets. Total assets increased $23.8 million, or 3.0%, from $801.1 million at
March 31, 2005 to $824.9 million at December 31, 2005. This increase is
primarily the result of $49.0 million in net loan growth. The following table
identifies the categories with notable variances between December 31, 2005 and
March 31, 2005:

The decrease in non-interest bearing cash was primarily the result of
implementing Check 21 with the Federal Reserve Bank. Check 21 uses images
instead of actual checks, which reduced the Bank's float. These funds, along
with funds from interest-bearing cash deposits were used to pay down FHLB
advances.

The decrease in available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities was the result of
payments from maturities.

The increase in loans held for sale was the result of increased loan activity in
selling mortgage loans.

The increase in net loans receivable was the result of loans originated in the
Company's primary market area, especially commercial real estate and
construction loans in the Boise, Coeur d'Alene, and Spokane markets.

                                                                              15

Liabilities. Total liabilities increased $18.8 million, or 2.6%, from $728.8
million at March 31, 2005 to $747.6 million at December 31, 2005. The growth in
liabilities resulted from deposit growth, which is part of management's focus.
The following table identifies the categories with notable variances between
December 31, 2005 and March 31, 2005:

Interest bearing demand deposits decreased primarily as a result of the decrease
in personal money market accounts. The non-interest bearing demand deposit gain
is a result of an increase in business checking accounts. Certificates of
deposit increased as a result of eight month, 11 month and 27 month certificate
of deposit specials offered in our local markets.

The decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase was the result of
one municipal account moving its funds.

The decrease in FHLB advances and other borrowings resulted from using funds
available from decreased float with the Federal Reserve Bank, interest-bearing
cash deposits, and mortgage-backed securities paydowns to repay maturing
advances.

The decrease in deferred federal and state income taxes is attributable to the
temporary tax difference in the provision for loan losses.

Stockholders' Equity. Total stockholders' equity increased $5.0 million, or
6.9%, from $72.3 million at March 31, 2005 to $77.3 million at December 31,
2005. This increase was primarily the result of $6.3 million in net income,
partially offset by an increase of $45,000 in unrealized losses on
available-for-sale securities, net of tax benefit, and by the Company paying
$1.6 million in dividends to its stockholders.

Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended December 31, 2005 and
2004

General. Net income increased $640,000, or 41.9%, from $1.5 million ($0.26 per
share - basic, $0.26 per share - diluted) for the three months ended December
31, 2004 to $2.2 million ($0.37 per share - basic, $0.36 per share - diluted)
for the three months ended December 31, 2005. The increase in net income is a
result of an increase in net interest income of $1.3 million, an increase in
non-interest income of $363,000, and a decrease in the provision for loan losses
of $48,000, partially offset by an increase in non-interest expense of $656,000,
and income tax expense of $436,000.

                                                                              16

Net Interest Income. Net interest income increased $1.3 million, or 18.9%, from
$7.0 million for the three months ended December 31, 2004 to $8.3 million for
the three months ended December 31, 2005. Increases in the tax effected yield on
interest-earning assets and the average balance on interest-earning assets were
partially offset by the increase in the cost of total deposits and borrowed
funds as well as an increase in the average balance on total deposits and
borrowed funds. The following table compares the average interest-earning asset
balances, average total deposits and other borrowed funds, associated tax
effected yields, and interest rate spread, for the three months ended December
31, 2005 and 2004:

Average interest-earning assets increased as a result of the increase in average
balance of loans receivable. Loans receivable increased as a result of loans
originated in the Company's primary market area, especially commercial real
estate and construction loans in the Boise, Coeur d'Alene, and Spokane markets.
Loan originations have increased in small business, commercial real estate, and
single family construction loans. Management has focused on increasing
commercial loans receivable as part of the Company's operating strategy.

Average total deposits and other borrowed funds increased as a result of
increases in certificates of deposit and borrowings used to fund loan growth.
The Company's operating strategy is to focus on deposit growth to fund loan
growth and use borrowings for the difference.

Total Interest Income. Total interest income increased $2.9 million, or 28.1%,
from $10.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2004 to $13.3 million
for the three months ended December 31, 2005. The following table compares
detailed average earning asset balances, and associated tax effected yields for
the three months ended December 31, 2005 and 2004:

Interest income from loans receivable increased as a result of loan growth as
well as an increase in the yield on loans receivable from rising interest rates.
The commercial real estate loans and construction loans were the primary areas
of growth. The tax effected yield on commercial loans increased from 6.67%
during the three months ended December 31, 2004 to 7.91% during the three months
ended December 31, 2005. The yield on construction loans increased from 8.53%
during the three months ended December 31, 2004 to 9.84% during the three months
ended December 31, 2005.

Interest income from securities decreased as a result of a lower average balance
on securities from payments of maturities.

The decrease in interest income on other interest-earning assets is the result
of no dividends received from FHLB stock, included in equity securities, for the
three months ended December 31, 2005 compared to $73,000 for the three months
ended December 31, 2004. As of May 18, 2005, the FHLB of Seattle suspended the
payment of dividends on all classes of stock. For additional information see
`News' under `Our Company' on the fhlbsea.com website. The Company did not
recognize a return on FHLB stock, included in equity securities, on its
Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition and Consolidated Statements of
Income for the three months ended December 31, 2005.

                                                                              17

Total Interest Expense. Total interest expense increased $1.6 million, or 47.4%,
from $3.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2004 to $5.0 million
for the three months ended December 31, 2005. The following table compares
detailed average balances and associated costs for the three months ended
December 31, 2005 and 2004:

Certificates of deposit interest expense increased as a result of average
balance growth and an increase in the average cost as a result of eight month,
11 month and 27 month certificate of deposit specials offered by the Bank to
fund loan growth.

The increase in interest expense for FHLB advances and other borrowings is a
result of the increase in the average balance as a result of utilizing these
sources of funds to fund loan growth that is not covered by deposits, as well as
an increase in the cost of these funds.

Interest expense on securities sold under agreements to repurchase increased for
the three months ended December 31, 2005 as a result of the increase in the cost
partially offset by the decrease in average balance.

Provision for Loan Losses. As a result of the Bank's evaluation of its allowance
for loan losses discussed in the critical accounting policies, the Company's
provision for loan losses decreased $48,000, or 10.2%, to $422,000 for the three
months ended December 31, 2005 from $470,000 for the three months ended December
31, 2004. The decrease in provision for loan losses was the result of a larger
increase in commercial real estate and construction lending in the three months
ended December 31, 2004 compared to the same period in 2005. These loans have
greater credit risk than residential real estate loans and as a result have a
higher rate for the provision for loan losses.

Non-interest Income. Total non-interest income increased $363,000, or 25.4%,
from $1.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2004 to $1.8 million
for the three months ended December 31, 2005. The following table summarizes the
components of non-interest income for the three months ended December 31, 2005
and 2004:

Gain on sale of loans increased $258,000, or 119.4%, to $474,000 for the three
months ended December 31, 2005 from $216,000 for the three months ended December
31, 2004. This increase is attributable to the increase in volume of residential
real estate loans sold to the secondary market.

                                                                              18

Non-interest Expense. Total non-interest expense increased $656,000, or 11.1%,
from $5.9 million for the three months ended December 31, 2004 to $6.6 million
for the three months ended December 31, 2005. The following table summarizes the
components of non-interest expense for the three months ended December 31, 2005
and 2004:

Compensation and employee related benefits increased $77,000, or 2.1%, from $3.7
million for the three months ended December 31, 2004 to $3.8 million for the
three months ended December 31, 2005. The increase is a result of new employees
that were added to staff the Bank's new loan production office for mortgage real
estate lending that opened in Nampa, Idaho in October 2004 and regular annual
compensation increases for employees during the year.

Professional fees increased as a result of additional services required to
comply with additional regulations, such as compliance with the certification
provisions regarding internal controls required by Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("Sarbanes-Oxley Act"), Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA") compliance, and certifications on
management's assessments on internal controls.

Income Taxes. Income tax expense increased $436,000, or 80.4%, from $542,000 for
the three months ended December 31, 2004 to $1.0 million for the three months
ended December 31, 2005. The effective tax rates for the three months ended
December 31, 2005 and 2004 were 31.1% and 26.2%, respectively. The increase in
the effective tax rate is attributable to an increase in income without a
corresponding increase in tax-exempt income.

Comparison of Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended December 31, 2005 and
2004

General. Net income increased $1.6 million, or 33.2%, from $4.7 million ($0.81
per share - basic, $0.78 per share - diluted) for the nine months ended December
31, 2004 to $6.3 million ($1.07 per share - basic, $1.04 per share - diluted)
for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. The increase in net income is a
result of increases in net interest income of $4.1 million and in non-interest
income of $640,000, partially offset by increases in the provision for loan
losses of $522,000, non-interest expense of $1.6 million, and income tax expense
of $1.0 million.

Net Interest Income. Net interest income increased $4.1 million, or 20.3%, from
$20.3 million for the nine months ended December 31, 2004 to $24.4 million for
the nine months ended December 31, 2005. Increases in the tax effected yield on
interest-earning assets and the average balance on interest-earning assets were
partially offset by increases in the cost of total deposits and borrowed funds
and the average balance on total deposits and borrowed funds. The following
table compares the average interest-earning asset balances, average total
deposits and other borrowed funds, associated tax effected yields, and interest
rate spread, for the nine months ended December 31, 2005 and 2004:

19

Average interest-earning assets increased as a result of the increase in average
balance of loans receivable. Loans receivable increased as a result of loans
originated in the Company's primary market area, especially commercial real
estate and construction loans in the Boise, Coeur d'Alene, and Spokane markets.
Loan originations have increased in small business, commercial real estate, and
single family construction loans. Management has focused on increasing
commercial loans receivable as part of the Company's operating strategy.

Average total deposits and borrowed funds increased as a result of increases in
core accounts, certificates of deposit, and borrowings used to fund loan growth.
The Company's operating strategy is to focus on deposit growth to fund loan
growth and use borrowings for the difference.

Total Interest Income. Total interest income increased $8.6 million, or 29.0%,
from $29.8 million for the nine months ended December 31, 2004 to $38.4 million
for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. The following table compares
detailed average earning asset balances, and associated tax effected yields for
the nine months ended December 31, 2005 and 2004:

Interest income from loans receivable increased as a result of loan growth as
well as an increase in the yield on loans receivable from rising interest rates.
The commercial real estate loans and construction loans were the primary areas
of growth. The tax effected yield on commercial loans increased from 6.31%
during the nine months ended December 31, 2004 to 7.58% during the nine months
ended December 31, 2005. The yield on construction loans increased from 8.18%
during the nine months ended December 31, 2004 to 9.59% during the nine months
ended December 31, 2005.

Interest income from securities decreased as a result of a lower average balance
on securities from payments of maturities, partially offset by a higher average
yield.

The decrease in interest income on other interest-earning assets is the result
of no dividends received from FHLB stock, included in equity securities, for the
nine months ended December 31, 2005 compared to $305,000 for the nine months
ended December 31, 2004. Since May 18, 2005, the FHLB of Seattle suspended the
payment of dividends on all classes of stock. For additional information see
`News' under `Our Company' on the fhlbsea.com website. The Company did not
recognize a return on FHLB stock, included in equity securities, on its
Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition and Consolidated Statements of
Income for the nine months ended December 31, 2005.

                                                                              20

Total Interest Expense. Total interest expense increased $4.6 million, or 47.3%,
from $9.5 million for the nine months ended December 31, 2004 to $14.1 million
for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. The following table compares
detailed average balances and associated costs for the nine months ended
December 31, 2005 and 2004:

The increase in the average balance of total savings, checking, and money market
accounts is a result of management's focus to increase core deposit accounts as
part of the Company's operating strategy. Certificates of deposit increased as a
result of eight month, 11 month and 27 month certificate of deposit specials
offered by the Bank to fund loan growth.

The increase in interest expense for FHLB advances and other borrowings is a
result of the increase in the average balance as a result of utilizing these
sources of funds to fund loan growth that is not covered by deposits, as well as
an increase in the cost of these funds.

Interest expense on securities sold under agreement to repurchase increased for
the nine months ended December 31, 2005 as a result of the increase in cost
partially offset by the decrease in average balance for the period.

Provision for Loan Losses. As a result of the Bank's evaluation of allowance for
loan losses discussed in the critical accounting policies, the Company's
provision for loan losses increased $522,000, or 50.2%, to $1.6 million for the
nine months ended December 31, 2005 from $1.0 million for the nine months ended
December 31, 2004. The increase in provision for loan losses is a result of loan
growth, mostly in commercial real estate and construction lending, which have
greater credit risk than residential real estate loans and as a result have a
higher rate for the provision for loan losses. Total loans receivable increased
$82.5 million, or 15.3%. Commercial and construction loans increased $75.9
million, or 25.1% from December 31, 2004 to December 31, 2005.

Non-interest Income. Total non-interest income increased $640,000, or 14.0%,
from $4.6 million for the nine months ended December 31, 2004 to $5.2 million
for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. The following table summarizes the
components of non-interest income for the nine months ended December 31, 2005
and 2004:

Gain on sale of loans increased $411,000, or 47.0%, to $1.3 million for the nine
months ended December 31, 2005 from $874,000 for the nine months ended December
31, 2004. This increase is attributable to the increased volume of residential
real estate loans sold to the secondary market.

                                                                              21

Non-interest Expense. Total non-interest expense increased $1.6 million, or
9.5%, from $17.3 million for the nine months ended December 31, 2004 to $18.9
million for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. The following table
summarizes the components of non-interest expense for the nine months ended
December 31, 2005 and 2004:

Compensation and related benefits increased $603,000, or 5.7%, from $10.5
million for the nine months ended December 31, 2004 to $11.1 million for the
nine months ended December 31, 2005. The increase is a result of the new loan
production office for mortgage real estate lending that opened in Nampa, Idaho
in October 2004 and regular annual compensation increases for employees during
the year. The Company also incurred an additional expense during the nine months
ended December 31, 2005 as a result of a severance payment made in connection
with the Company's acquisition of Oregon Trail in 2003. The severance payment
was made to an individual in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement
between the Company and Oregon Trail.

Professional fees increased as a result of additional services required to
comply with additional regulations, such as compliance with the certification
provisions regarding internal controls required by Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, FDICIA compliance, and certifications on management's
assessments on internal controls.

Advertising expenses increased due to sponsorship of community events and a
spring image campaign for public relations and deposit program in Oregon
incurred during the nine months ended December 31, 2005.

Income Taxes. Income tax expense increased $1.0 million, or 57.5%, from $1.8
million for the nine months ended December 31, 2004 to $2.8 million for the nine
months ended December 31, 2005. The effective tax rates for the nine months
ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 were 31.0% and 27.6%, respectively. The
increase in the effective tax rate is attributable to an increase in income
without a corresponding increase in tax-exempt income.

                                                                              22

Asset Classification

The State of Washington has adopted various regulations regarding problem assets
of savings institutions. The regulations require that each insured institution
review and classify its assets on a regular basis. In addition, in connection
with examinations of insured institutions, State of Washington examiners have
the authority to identify problem assets and, if appropriate, require them to be
classified. There are three classifications for problem assets: substandard,
doubtful and loss. Substandard assets have one or more defined weaknesses and
are characterized by the distinct possibility that the insured institution will
sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful assets have
the weaknesses of substandard assets with the additional characteristic that the
weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of currently
existing facts, conditions and values questionable, and there is a high
possibility of loss. An asset classified as loss is considered uncollectible and
of such little value that continuance as an asset of the institution is not
warranted. If an asset or portion thereof is classified as loss, the insured
institution establishes specific allowance for loan losses for the full amount
of the portion of the asset classified as loss. All or a portion of general loan
loss allowances established to cover possible losses related to assets
classified substandard or doubtful may be included in determining an
institution's regulatory capital, while specific valuation allowances for loan
losses generally do not qualify as regulatory capital. Assets that do not
currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant
classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses
which require additional monitoring by the Bank are classified as special
mention.

The aggregate amounts of the Bank's classified assets at December 31, 2005 and
March 31, 2005 were as follows:

                                                  At December 31, At March 31,
                                                       2005           2005
                                                   ------------   ------------
                                                         (In Thousands)
         Doubtful:
           Consumer                                $         33   $         17
                                                   ------------   ------------
         Total doubtful                                      33             17
                                                   ------------   ------------

         Substandard:
           Consumer                                         415            251
           Residential                                      755            595
           Commercial non-real estate                     2,915          1,483
           Commercial real estate                         1,179          1,486
           Real estate owned                                 --            603
           Repossessed assets                                35             18
           Credit cards                                       1             --
           Overdrawn checking accounts                       78             56
                                                   ------------   ------------
         Total substandard                                5,378          4,492
                                                   ------------   ------------

         Total classified assets                   $      5,411   $      4,509
                                                   ============   ============

                                                                              23

Average Balances, Interest and Average Yields/Costs

The following table sets forth certain information for the periods indicated
regarding average balances of assets and liabilities as well as the total dollar
amounts of interest income from average interest-earning assets and interest
expense on average interest-bearing liabilities and average tax effected yields
and costs. Such yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived by
dividing tax effected income or expense by the average daily balance of assets
or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented.

See next page for referenced notes.

                                                                              24

(1)      Interest on tax-exempt securities and loans are presented on a tax
         equivalent basis, using 39.18%. The tax benefit on interest income for
         the three months ended December 31, 2005 was $443,000. Excluding this
         tax effect, average yields on net loans receivable would have been
         7.72%, securities would have been 4.29%, and other earning assets would
         have been 3.21%. Excluding this tax effect, yield on total
         interest-earning assets would have been 7.02%, interest rate spread
         would have been 4.34%, and net interest margin would have been 4.40%.

(2)      Interest on tax-exempt securities and loans are presented on a tax
         equivalent basis, using 39.18%. The tax benefit on interest income for
         the three months ended December 31, 2004 was $360,000. Excluding this
         tax effect, average yields on net loans receivable would have been
         6.80%, securities would have been 4.40%, and other earning assets would
         have been 3.64%. Excluding this tax effect, yield on total
         interest-earning assets would have been 6.20%, interest rate spread
         would have been 4.19% and the net interest margin would have been
         4.19%.

(3)      Does not include interest on loans more than 90 days past due or non
         accruing loans.

                                                                              25

(4)      Interest on tax-exempt securities and loans are presented on a tax
         equivalent basis, using 39.18%. The tax benefit on interest income for
         the nine months ended December 31, 2005 is $1.3 million. Excluding this
         tax effect, average yields on net loans receivable would have been
         7.52%, securities would have been 4.29%, and other earning assets would
         have been 3.03%. Excluding this tax effect, yield on total
         interest-earning assets would have been 6.83%, interest rate spread
         would have been 4.32%, and the net interest margin would have been
         4.33%.

(5)      Interest on tax-exempt securities and loans are presented on a tax
         equivalent basis, using 39.18%. The tax benefit on interest income for
         the nine months ended December 31, 2004 was $1.2 million. Excluding
         this tax effect, average yields on net loans receivable would have been
         6.64%, securities would have been 4.44%, and other earning assets would
         have been 3.92%. Excluding this tax effect, yield on total
         interest-earning assets would have been 6.09%, interest rate spread
         would have been 4.14% and the net interest margin would have been
         4.14%.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The primary function of asset/liability management is to ensure adequate
liquidity and to maintain an appropriate balance between interest sensitive
earning assets and liabilities. Management actively analyzes and manages the
Company's liquidity position. The objective of liquidity management is to ensure
the availability of sufficient cash flows to support loan growth and deposit
withdrawals, to satisfy financial commitments, and to take advantage of
investment opportunities. Liquidity is defined as being able to raise funds in
30 days without a loss of principal.

The Company's primary recurring sources of funds are customer deposits, proceeds
from principal and interest payments on loans, proceeds from sales of loans,
maturing securities, FHLB advances, borrowings from US Bank, and borrowings from
the Portland Branch Office of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. While
maturities and scheduled amortization of loans are a predictable source of
funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general
interest rates, economic conditions and competition. See the Company's
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows to assist in analyzing its liquidity
position.

The primary investing activity of the Company is the origination of loans.
During the nine months ended December 31, 2005, the Company originated loans
based upon new production of $439.5 million. Proceeds from maturity and sale of
securities provided $8.2 million and $15.3 million for the nine months ended
December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Proceeds from the sale of loans
provided $78.6 million for the nine months ended December 31, 2005 and $65.8
million for the nine months ended December 31, 2004.

The primary financing activities of the Company are customer deposits, brokered
deposits and FHLB advances. As indicated on the Company's Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows, deposits provided $35.2 million for the nine months ended
December 31, 2005. Deposits increased $11.8 million for the nine months ended
December 31, 2004. In addition, the Company maintains a credit facility with the
FHLB, which provides for immediately available advances. FHLB advances totaled
$173.6 million at December 31, 2005 and $184.1 million at December 31, 2004. The
Bank is currently authorized to borrow from the FHLB up to an amount equal to
30% of total assets, provided that the Bank holds sufficient collateral. The
Company also maintains an additional credit facility of $3.5 million with US
Bank. There were outstanding balances of $3.3 million at December 31, 2005, and
$2.5 million outstanding at December 31, 2004 under this facility. The Bank
maintains an additional credit facility of $20.0 million with US Bank and a
credit facility with the Portland Branch Office of the Federal Reserve Bank of
San Francisco. There were no outstanding balances under these facilities at
December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004. The Bank also has used other sources of
funding when the need arises: brokered certificates of deposit (up to 15% of
assets under current Board policy) and the national certificate of deposit
markets. As of December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004, there were brokered
certificates of deposits of $44.6 million and $29.7 million, respectively. As of
December 31, 2005, there were $40.8 million of FHLB advances that were callable.

At December 31, 2005, the Company held cash and cash equivalents of $23.7
million. In addition, at this date, $48.4 million of the Company's investment
and mortgage-backed securities were classified as available-for-sale.

The Company has commitments that have a future impact on its liquidity position.
Because some commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the
total commitment amounts do not represent future cash requirements. At December
31, 2005, the Company had loan commitments totaling $138.7 million, undisbursed
lines of credit totaling $90.0 million, and undisbursed credit card line
commitments totaling $10.3 million. The Company anticipates that it will have
sufficient funds available to meet its current loan origination commitments.
Certificates of deposit that are scheduled to mature in less than one year from
December 31, 2005 totaled $162.4 million. Historically, the Company has been
able to retain a significant amount of its deposits as they mature. In addition,
management believes that it can adjust the offering rates of certificates of
deposit to retain deposits in changing interest rate environments.

The Bank is required to maintain specific amounts of capital pursuant to Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation and State of Washington requirements. As of
December 31, 2005, the Bank was in compliance with all regulatory capital
requirements effective as of that date.

                                                                              26

The Bank's actual regulatory capital amounts and ratios at December 31, 2005 and
March 31, 2005 are presented in the table below:

The Company has signed several contracts with vendors for its data processing
operations. The terms of the contracts are one year or less. The annual fees are
paid at the beginning of the terms or are paid monthly based upon usage,
transactions or number of customers. The data processing, automated teller
machine, merchant bank card and visa credit card expense, which include these
contracts, was $1.7 million for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. In
addition, the Company has a contract with Wausau Financial Systems for the proof
and imaging system.

                                                                              27

Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

INTEREST RATE RISK

There have been no material changes regarding the Company's market risk position
from the information provided under the caption "Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk" in the Company's Form 10-K filing with the SEC on
June 17, 2005, covering the fiscal year ended March 31, 2005.

Item 4 - Controls and Procedures

     An evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as
     defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) was
     carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the
     Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and several
     other members of the Company's senior management as of the end of the
     period covered by this report. The Company's Chief Executive Officer and
     Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls
     and procedures as currently in effect are effective in ensuring that the
     information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files
     or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) accumulated and
     communicated to the Company's management (including the Chief Executive
     Officer and Chief Financial Officer) in a timely manner, and (ii) recorded,
     processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
     SEC's rules and forms.

     There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial
     reporting during the Company's most recently completed fiscal quarter that
     has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
     Company's internal control over financial reporting.

     While the Company believes the present design of its disclosure controls
     and procedures is effective to achieve its goal, future events affecting
     its business may cause the Company to modify its disclosure controls and
     procedures. The Company does not expect that its disclosure controls and
     procedures and internal control over financial reporting will prevent all
     error and fraud. A control procedure, no matter how well conceived and
     operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
     objectives of the control procedure are met. Because of the inherent
     limitations in all control procedures, no evaluation of controls can
     provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud,
     if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations
     include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and
     that breakdowns in controls or procedures can occur because of simple error
     or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
     acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
     override of the control. The design of any control procedure is based in
     part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and
     there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
     stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls
     become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of
     compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the
     inherent limitations in a cost-effective control procedure, misstatements
     due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

                                                                              28

FIRSTBANK NW CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1 - Legal Proceedings

From time to time, the Company or its subsidiaries are engaged in legal
proceedings in the ordinary course of business, none of which are currently
considered to have a material impact on the Company's financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows.

Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(1)    These shares do not reflect the increased shares issued at the close of
       business on February 9, 2006 as a result of a two-for-one stock split in
       the form of a 100% per share stock dividend on the Company's outstanding
       common stock.

(2)    On August 27, 2004, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a 5%
       stock repurchase plan, or 147,866 shares of the Company's outstanding
       common stock. As of December 31, 2005, 52,500 shares had been repurchased
       under this program.

Item 3 - Defaults Upon Senior Securities

     Not applicable.

Item 4 - Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     None.

Item 5 - Other Information

     None.

                                                                              29

Item 6 - Exhibits
                  3.1 (a)  Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (1)
                  3.1 (b)  Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (2)
                  3.2 (a)  Bylaws of the Registrant (1)
                  3.2 (b)  Bylaws Amendment adopted by the Board of Directors on
                           May 23, 2002 (3)
                  10.1     Employment Agreement between FirstBank Northwest,
                           FirstBank NW Corp. and Clyde E. Conklin
                  10.2     Employment Agreement between FirstBank Northwest,
                           FirstBank NW Corp. and Larry K. Moxley
                  10.3     Salary Continuation Agreement between FirstBank
                           Northwest and Clyde E. Conklin
                  10.4     Salary Continuation Agreement between FirstBank
                           Northwest and Larry K. Moxley
                  10.5     Change in Control Agreement between FirstBank
                           Northwest, FirstBank NW Corp. and Richard R. Acuff(4)
                  10.6     Change in Control Agreement between FirstBank
                           Northwest, FirstBank NW Corp. and Terence A. Otte (2)
                  10.7     Change in Control Agreement between FirstBank
                           Northwest, FirstBank NW Corp. and Donn L. Durgan (2)
                  10.8     FirstBank Northwest Executive Non-Qualified
                           Retirement Plan
                  10.9     FirstBank Northwest Deferred Compensation Plan
                  31.1     Certification of Chief Executive Officer of FirstBank
                           NW Corp. pursuant to Section 302 of the
                           Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
                  31.2     Certification of Chief Financial Officer of FirstBank
                           NW Corp. pursuant to Section 302 of the
                           Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
                  32.1     Certification of Chief Executive Officer of FirstBank
                           NW Corp. pursuant to Section 906 of the
                           Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
                  32.2     Certification of Chief Financial Officer of FirstBank
                           NW Corp. pursuant to Section 906 of the
                           Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

     (1)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
          10-KSB for the year ended March 31, 2000 filed on June 19, 2000.
     (2)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form
          10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 filed on November 14,
          2005.
     (3)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
          10-KSB for the year ended March 31, 2002 filed on June 26, 2002.
     (4)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form
          8-K filed on October 5, 2005.

                                                                              30

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

FIRSTBANK NW CORP.

DATED:  February 13, 2006         BY: /s/ CLYDE E. CONKLIN
                                      -------------------------------------
                                      Clyde E. Conklin
                                      President and Chief Executive Officer

BY: /s/ LARRY K. MOXLEY
                                      -------------------------------------
                                      Larry K. Moxley
                                      Secretary and Chief Financial Officer

                                                                              31

EXHIBIT INDEX

10.1     Employment Agreement between FirstBank Northwest,
                       FirstBank NW Corp. and Clyde E. Conklin
              10.2     Employment Agreement between FirstBank Northwest,
                       FirstBank NW Corp. and Larry K. Moxley
              10.3     Salary Continuation Agreement between FirstBank Northwest
                       and Clyde E. Conklin
              10.4     Salary Continuation Agreement between FirstBank Northwest
                       and Larry K. Moxley
              10.8     FirstBank Northwest Executive Non-Qualified Retirement
                       Plan
              10.9     FirstBank Northwest Deferred Compensation Plan
              31.1     Certification of Chief Executive Officer of FirstBank NW
                       Corp. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
                       of 2002
              31.2     Certification of Chief Financial Officer of FirstBank NW
                       Corp. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
                       of 2002
              32.1     Certification of Chief Executive Officer of FirstBank NW
                       Corp. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
                       of 2002
              32.2     Certification of Chief Financial Officer of FirstBank NW
                       Corp. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
                       of 2002

                                                                              32

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10_1.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.1
 
                                  EXHIBIT 10.1
                                  ------------

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of _December 20, 2001, by and
between FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST (the "Bank"), FIRSTBANK NW CORP. (the "Company"), a
Washington corporation; and CLYDE E. CONKLIN (the "Executive").

         WHEREAS, the Bank wishes to assure itself of the services of Executive
for the period provided in this Agreement; and

         WHEREAS, Executive is willing to serve in the employ of the Bank on a
full-time basis for said period.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein
contained, and upon the other terms and conditions hereinafter provided, the
parties hereby agree as follows:

1.       POSITION AND RESPONSIBILITIES.

         During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive agrees to
serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Bank. During said period, Executive also
agrees to serve, if elected, as an officer and director of the Company or any
subsidiary or affiliate of the Company or the Bank.

2.       TERMS AND DUTIES.

         (a)      The term of this Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced
as of the date first above written and shall continue for a period of thirty-six
(36) full calendar months thereafter. Commencing on the first anniversary date,
and continuing at each anniversary date thereafter, the Board of Directors of
the Bank (the "Board") may extend the Agreement for an additional year. Prior to
the extension of the Agreement as provided herein, the Board of Directors of the
Bank will conduct a formal performance evaluation of Executive for purposes of
determining whether to extend the Agreement, and the results thereof shall be
included in the minutes of the Board's meeting.

         (b)      During the period of his employment hereunder, except for
periods of absence occasioned by illness, reasonable vacation periods, and
reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote substantially all his
business time, attention, skill, and efforts to the faithful performance of his
duties hereunder including activities and services related to the organization,
operation and management of the Bank; provided, however, that, with the approval
of the Board, as evidenced by a resolution of such Board, from time to time,
Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, and
hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations, which, in
such Board's judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Bank,
or materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this
Agreement.

3.       COMPENSATION AND REIMBURSEMENT.

         (a)      The compensation specified under this Agreement shall
constitute the salary and benefits paid for the duties described in Sections 1
and 2. The Bank shall pay Executive as compensation a salary of not less than
$102,000 per year. Such salary shall be payable in accordance with the customary
payroll practices of the Bank. During the period of this Agreement, Executive's
salary shall be reviewed at least annually; the first such review will be made

no later than one year from the date of this Agreement. Such review shall be
conducted by a Committee designated by the Board. Executive's salary plus any
increases provided by the Committee, including any incentive compensation, shall
constitute Executive's base salary ("Base Salary"). In addition to the Base
Salary provided in this Section 3(a), the Bank shall provide Executive at no
cost to Executive with all such other benefits as are provided uniformly to
permanent full-time employees of the Bank.

         (b)      The Bank will provide Executive with employee benefit plans,
arrangements and perquisites substantially equivalent to those in which
Executive was participating or otherwise deriving benefit from immediately prior
to the beginning of the term of this Agreement, and the Bank will not, without
Executive's prior written consent, make any changes in such plans, arrangements
or perquisites which would adversely affect Executive's rights or benefits
thereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this
Subsection (b), Executive will be entitled to participate in or receive benefits
under any employee benefit plans including, but not limited to, retirement
plans, supplemental retirement plans, pension plans, profit-sharing plans,
health-and-accident plan, medical coverage or any other employee benefit plan or
arrangement made available by the Bank in the future to its senior executives
and key management employees, subject to, and on a basis consistent with, the
terms, conditions and overall administration of such plans and arrangements.
Executive will be entitled to incentive compensation and bonuses as provided in
any plan, or pursuant to any arrangement of the Bank, in which Executive is
eligible to participate. Nothing paid to Executive under any such plan or
arrangement will be deemed to be in lieu of other compensation to which
Executive is entitled under this Agreement, except as provided under Section
5(e).

         (c)      In addition to the Base Salary provided for by paragraph (a)
of this Section 3, the Bank shall pay or reimburse Executive for all reasonable
travel and other obligations under this Agreement and may provide such
additional compensation in such form and such amounts as the Board may from time
to time determine.

         (d)      If Executive serves as a member of the Board or the Board of
Directors of the Company (the "Company Board"), the Company or the Bank, as
applicable, shall pay Executive, as additional compensation, an amount equal to
eighty (80) percent of the fees or retainers received by a nonemployee member of
the Board or the Company Board.

4.       PAYMENTS TO EXECUTIVE UPON AN EVENT OF TERMINATION.

         (a)      Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination (as herein
defined) during Executive's term of employment under this Agreement, the
provisions of this Section shall apply. As used in this Agreement, an "Event of
Termination" shall mean and include any one or more of the following: (i) the
termination by the Bank of Executive's full-time employment hereunder for any
reason other than a Change in Control, as defined in Section 5(a) hereof; death;
or retirement, as defined in Section 7 hereof; (ii) Executive's resignation from
the Bank's employ, upon (A) unless consented to by Executive, a material change
in Executive's function, duties, or responsibilities, which change would cause
Executive's position to become one of lesser responsibility, importance, or
scope from the position and attributes thereof described in Sections 1 and 2,
above (any such material change shall be deemed a continuing breach of this
Agreement), (B) a relocation of Executive's principal place of employment by
more than 35 miles from its location at the effective date of this Agreement, or
a material reduction in the benefits and perquisites to Executive from those
being provided as of the effective date of this Agreement, (C) the liquidation
or dissolution of the Bank, or (D) any breach of this Agreement by the Bank.
Upon the occurrence of any event described in clauses (A), (B), (C) or (D),
above, Executive shall have the right to elect to terminate his employment under

this Agreement by resignation upon not less than sixty (60) days prior written
notice given within a reasonable period of time not to exceed, except in case of
a continuing breach, four (4) calendar months after the event giving rise to
said right to elect.

         (b)      Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination, the Bank shall
pay Executive, or, in the event of his subsequent death, his beneficiary or
beneficiaries, or his estate, as the case may be, as severance pay, a lump sum
amount equal to the present value (at a rate reasonably determined by the Board
of all Base Salary and life, medical, dental and disability coverage that would
have been paid to Executive had the contract remained in effect through the
remainder of its then existing term; provided, however, that if the Bank is not
in compliance with its minimum capital requirements or if such payments would
cause the Bank's capital to be reduced below its minimum capital requirements,
such payment shall be deferred until such time as the Bank is in capital
compliance.

5.       CHANGE IN CONTROL.

         (a)      No benefit shall be paid under this Section 5 unless there
shall have occurred a Change in Control of the Company or the Bank. For purposes
of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" of the Company or the Bank shall be
deemed to occur if and when (a) an offeror other than the Company purchases
shares of the common stock of the Company or the Bank pursuant to a tender or
exchange offer for 25% or more of such shares, (b) any person (as such term is
used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) is
or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the
Company or the Bank representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the
Company's or the Bank's then outstanding securities, (c) the membership of the
board of directors of the Company or the Bank changes as the result of a
contested election, such that individuals who were directors at the beginning of
any twenty-four (24) month period (whether commencing before or after the date
of adoption of this Agreement) do not constitute a majority of the Board at the
end of such period, or (d) shareholders of the Company or the Bank approve a
merger, consolidation, sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the
Company's or the Bank's assets, or a plan of partial or complete liquidation.

         (b)      If any of the events described in Section 5(a) hereof
constituting a Change in Control have occurred or the Board of the Bank or the
Company has reasonably determined that a Change in Control has occurred,
Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in paragraphs (c), (d) and
(e) of this Section 5 upon his subsequent involuntary termination following the
effective date of a Change in Control (or voluntary termination following the
effective date of a Change in Control following any demotion, loss of title,
office or significant authority, reduction in his annual compensation or
benefits (other than a reduction affecting the Bank's personnel generally), or
relocation of his principal place of employment by more than thirty-five (35)
miles from its location immediately prior to the Change in Control), unless such
termination is because of his death, retirement as provided in Section 7,
termination for Cause, or termination for Disability.

         (c)      Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control followed by
Executive's termination of employment, the Bank shall pay Executive, or in the
event of his subsequent death, his beneficiary or beneficiaries, or his estate,
as the case may be, as severance pay or liquidated damages, or both, a sum equal
to 2.99 times Executive's "base amount," within the meaning of ss.280G(b)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("Code"), as amended. Such payment shall be
made in a lump sum paid within ten (10) days of Executive's Date of Termination.

(d)      Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control followed by
Executive's termination of employment, the Bank will cause to be continued life,
medical, dental and disability coverage substantially identical to the coverage
maintained by the Bank for Executive prior to his severance. In addition,
Executive shall be entitled to receive the value of employer contributions that
would have been made on Executive's behalf over the remaining term of the
agreement to any tax-qualified retirement plan sponsored by the Bank as of the
Date of Termination. Such coverage and payments shall cease upon the expiration
of thirty-six (36) months.

         (e)      Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, Executive shall be
entitled to receive benefits due him under, or contributed by the Company or the
Bank on his behalf, pursuant to any retirement, incentive, profit sharing,
bonus, performance, disability or other employee benefit plan maintained by the
Bank or the Company on Executive's behalf to the extent that such benefits are
not otherwise paid to Executive upon a Change in Control.

         (f)      Notwithstanding the preceding paragraphs of this Section 5, in
the event that the aggregate payments or benefits to be made or afforded to
Executive under this Section, together with any other payments or benefits
received or to be received by Executive in connection with a Change in Control,
would be deemed to include an "excess parachute payment" under ss.280G of the
Code, then, at the election of Executive, (i) such payments or benefits shall be
payable or provided to Executive over the minimum period necessary to reduce the
present value of such payments or benefits to an amount which is one dollar
($1.00) less than three (3) times Executive's "base amount" under ss.280G(b)(3)
of the Code or (ii) the payments or benefits to be provided under this Section 5
shall be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid treatment as an excess
parachute payment with the allocation of the reduction among such payments and
benefits to be determined by Executive.

6.       TERMINATION FOR DISABILITY.

         (a)      If Executive shall become disabled as defined in the Bank's
then current disability plan (or, if no such plan is then in effect, totally
disabled within with respect to the performance of the material duties of his
regular occupation, as determined by a physician designated by the Board), the
Bank may terminate Executive's employment for "Disability."

         (b)      Upon Executive's termination of employment for Disability, the
Bank will pay Executive, as disability pay, a bi-weekly payment equal to
three-quarters (3/4) of Executive's bi-weekly compensation, determined as of the
effective date of such termination. For purposes of the preceding sentence of
this paragraph, "weekly compensation" shall mean the sum of Executive's Base
Salary and bonuses paid or accrued on Executive's behalf during the twelve-month
period ending on the last day of the month preceding Executive's termination of
employment for Disability divided by fifty-two (52). These disability payments
shall commence on the effective date of Executive's termination and will end on
the earlier of (i) the date Executive returns to the full-time employment of the
Bank in the same capacity as he was employed prior to his termination for
Disability and pursuant to an employment agreement between Executive and the
Bank; (ii) Executive's full-time employment by another employer; (iii) Executive
attaining the age of sixty-five (65); or (iv) Executive's death; (v) the
expiration of the term of this Agreement. The disability pay shall be reduced by
the amount, if any, paid to Executive under any plan of the Bank providing
disability benefits to Executive.

         (c)      The Bank will cause to be continued life, medical, dental and
disability coverage substantially identical to the coverage maintained by the
Bank for Executive prior to his termination for Disability. This coverage and
payments shall cease upon the earlier of (i) the date Executive returns to the
full-time employment of the Bank, in the same capacity as he was employed prior

to his termination for Disability and pursuant to an employment agreement
between Executive and the Bank; (ii) Executive's full-time employment by another
employer; (iii) Executive's attaining the age of sixty-five (65); (iv)
Executive's death; or (v) the expiration of the term of this Agreement.

         (d)      Notwithstanding the foregoing, there will be no reduction in
the compensation otherwise payable to Executive during any period during which
Executive is incapable of performing his duties hereunder by reason of temporary
disability.

7.       TERMINATION UPON RETIREMENT; DEATH OF EXECUTIVE.

         Termination of Executive based on "Retirement" shall mean retirement at
or after attaining age sixty-five (65) or in accordance with any retirement
arrangement established with Executive's consent with respect to him. Upon
termination of Executive upon Retirement, Executive shall be entitled to all
benefits under any retirement plan of the Bank or the Company and other plans to
which Executive is a party. Upon the death of Executive during the term of this
Agreement, the Bank shall pay to Executive's estate the compensation due to
Executive through the last day of the calendar month in which his death
occurred.

8.       TERMINATION FOR CAUSE.

         For purposes of this Agreement, "Termination for Cause" shall include
termination because of Executive's personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful
misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional
failure to perform stated duties, willful violation of any law, rule, or
regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final
cease-and-desist order, or material breach of any provision of this Agreement.
For purposes of this Section, no act, or the failure to act, on Executive's part
shall be "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, not in good faith and
without reasonable belief that the action or omission was in the best interest
of the Bank or its affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall
not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall
have been delivered to him a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-fourths (3/4) of the members of the
Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for that purpose (after
reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for him, together with
counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion
of the Board, Executive was guilty of conduct justifying termination for Cause
and specifying the reasons thereof. Executive shall not have the right to
receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for
Cause. Any stock options granted to Executive under any stock option plan or any
unvested awards granted under any other stock benefit plan of the Bank, the
Company, or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, shall become null and void
effective upon Executive's receipt of Notice of Termination for Cause pursuant
to Section 10 hereof, and shall not be exercisable by Executive at any time
subsequent to such Termination for Cause.

9.       REQUIRED PROVISIONS.

         (a)      The Bank may terminate Executive's employment at any time, but
any termination by the Bank, other than Termination for Cause, shall not
prejudice Executive's right to compensation or other benefits under this
Agreement. Executive shall not have the right to receive compensation or other
benefits for any period after Termination for Cause as defined in Section 8
herein.

(b)      If Executive is suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from
participating in the conduct of the Bank's affairs by a notice served under
Section 8(e)(3) or (g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA") (12
U.S.C. 1818(e)(3) and (g)(1)), the Bank's obligations under the Agreement shall
be suspended as of the date of service, unless stayed by appropriate
proceedings. If the charges in the notice are dismissed, the Bank may, in its
discretion, (i) pay Executive all or part of the compensation withheld while its
contract obligations were suspended and (ii) reinstate (in whole or in part) any
of its obligations that were suspended.

         (c)      If Executive is removed and/or permanently prohibited from
participating in the conduct of the Bank's affairs by an order issued under
Section 8(e)(4) or (g)(1) of the FDIA (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)(4) or (g)(1)), all
obligations of the Bank under the Agreement shall terminate as of the effective
date of the order, but vested rights of the contracting parties shall not be
affected.

         (d)      If the Bank is in default (as defined in Section 3(x)(1) of
the FDIA), all obligations under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date
of default, but this paragraph shall not affect any vested rights of the
parties.

         (e)      All obligations under this Agreement shall be terminated
(except to the extent determined that continuation of the Agreement is necessary
for the continued operation of the Bank): (i) at the time the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation enters into an agreement to provide assistance to or on
behalf of the Bank under the authority contained in Section 13(c) of the FDIA;
or (ii) by the FDIC at the time it approves a supervisory merger to resolve
problems related to operation of the Bank. Any rights of the parties that have
already vested, however, shall not be affected by such action.

         (f)      Any payments made to Executive pursuant to this Agreement, or
otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon compliance with 12 U.S.C.
ss.1828(k) and any regulations promulgated thereunder. Any payments to Executive
contemplated by this Agreement shall not be immediately payable to the extent
such payments are barred or prohibited by an action or order issued by the
Director of Banks of the Washington Department of Financial Institutions or the
FDIC.

10.      NOTICE.

         (a)      Any purported termination by the Bank or by Executive shall be
communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of
this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a written notice which
shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon
and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to
provide a basis for termination of Executive's employment under the provision so
indicated.

         (b)      "Date of Termination" shall mean (A) if Executive's employment
is terminated for Disability, thirty (30) days after a Notice of Termination is
given (provided that he shall not have returned to the performance of his duties
on a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period), and (B) if his
employment is terminated for any other reason, the date specified in the Notice
of Termination (which, in the case of a Termination for Cause, shall not be less
than thirty (30) days from the date such Notice of Termination is given).

         (c)      If, within thirty (30) days after any Notice of Termination is
given, the party receiving such Notice of Termination notifies the other party
that a dispute exists concerning the termination, except upon the occurrence of
a Change in Control and voluntary termination by Executive in which case the

Date of Termination shall be the date specified in the Notice, the Date of
Termination shall be the date on which the dispute is finally determined, either
by mutual written agreement of the parties, by a binding arbitration award, or
by a final judgment, order or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction (the
time for appeal there from having expired and no appeal having been perfected)
and provided further that the Date of Termination shall be extended by a notice
of dispute only if such notice is given in good faith and the party giving such
notice pursues the resolution of such dispute with reasonable diligence.
Notwithstanding the pendency of any such dispute, the Bank will continue to pay
Executive his full compensation in effect when the notice giving rise to the
dispute was given (including, but not limited to, Base Salary) and continue him
as a participant in all compensation, benefit and insurance plans in which he
was participating when the notice of dispute was given, until the dispute is
finally resolved in accordance with this Agreement. Amounts paid under this
Section are in addition to all other amounts due under this Agreement and shall
not be offset against or reduce any other amounts due under this Agreement.

11.      NON-COMPETITION.

         (a)      Upon any termination of Executive's employment hereunder
pursuant to an Event of Termination as provided in Section 4 hereof, Executive
agrees not to compete with the Bank and/or the Company for a period equal to the
greater of one (1) year or the remainder of the existing term of the Agreement
following such termination in any city, town or county in which the Bank and/or
the Company has an office or has filed an application for regulatory approval to
establish an office, determined as of the effective date of such termination.
Executive agrees that during such period and within said cities, towns and
counties, Executive shall not work for or advise, consult or otherwise serve
with, directly or indirectly, any entity whose business materially competes with
the depository, lending or other business activities of the Bank and/or the
Company. The parties hereto, recognizing that irreparable injury will result to
the Bank and/or the Company, its business and property in the event of
Executive's breach of this Subsection 11(a) agree that in the event of any such
breach by Executive, the Bank and/or the Company will be entitled, in addition
to any other remedies and damages available, to an injunction to restrain the
violation hereof by Executive, Executive's partners, agents, servants,
employers, employees and all persons acting for or with Executive. Executive
represents and admits that in the event of the termination of his employment
pursuant to Section 8 hereof, Executive's experience and capabilities are such
that Executive can obtain employment in a business engaged in other lines and/or
of a different nature than the Bank and/or the Company, and that the enforcement
of a remedy by way of injunction will not prevent Executive from earning a
livelihood. Nothing herein will be construed as prohibiting the Bank and/or the
Company from pursuing any other remedies available to the Bank and/or the
Company for such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages
from Executive.

         (b)      Executive recognizes and acknowledges that the knowledge of
the business activities and plans for business activities of the Bank and
affiliates thereof, as it may exist from time to time, is a valuable, special
and unique asset of the business of the Bank. Executive will not, during or
after the term of his employment, disclose any knowledge of the past, present,
planned or considered business activities of the Bank or affiliates thereof to
any person, firm, corporation, or other entity for any reason or purpose
whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may disclose any knowledge
of banking, financial and/or economic principles, concepts or ideas which are
not solely and exclusively derived from the business plans and activities of the
Bank. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive of the
provisions of this Section, the Bank will be entitled to an injunction
restraining Executive from disclosing, in whole or in part, the knowledge of the
past, present, planned or considered business activities of the Bank or
affiliates thereof, or from rendering any services to any person, firm,

corporation, other entity to whom such knowledge, in whole or in part, has been
disclosed or is threatened to be disclosed. Nothing herein will be construed as
prohibiting the Bank from pursuing any other remedies available to the Bank for
such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages from
Executive.

12.      SOURCE OF PAYMENTS.

         All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash or
check from the general funds of the Bank. The Company, however, guarantees all
payments and the provision of all amounts and benefits due hereunder to
Executive and, if such payments are not timely paid or provided by the Bank,
such amounts and benefits shall be paid or provided by the Company.

13.      EFFECT ON PRIOR AGREEMENTS AND EXISTING BENEFITS PLANS.

         This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties
hereto and supersedes any prior employment agreement between the Bank or any
predecessor of the Bank and Executive, except that this Agreement shall not
affect or operate to reduce any benefit or compensation inuring to Executive of
a kind elsewhere provided. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted
to mean that Executive is subject to receiving fewer benefits than those
available to him without reference to this Agreement.

14.      NO ATTACHMENT.

         (a)      Except as required by law, no right to receive payments under
this Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation, alienation, sale,
assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge, or hypothecation, or to execution,
attachment, levy, or similar process or assignment by operation of law, and any
attempt, voluntary or involuntary, to affect any such action shall be null,
void, and of no effect.

         (b)      This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit
of, Executive, the Bank, the Company and their respective successors and
assigns.

15.      MODIFICATION AND WAIVER.

         (a)      This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an
instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

         (b)      No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have
been waived, nor shall there by any estoppel against the enforcement of any
provision of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party charged
with such waiver or estoppel. No such written waiver shall be deemed a
continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall
operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not
constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future as to any act other
than that specifically waived.

16.      SEVERABILITY.

         If, for any reason, any provision of this Agreement, or any part of any
provision, is held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement or any part of such provision not held so invalid, and each
such other provision and part thereof shall to the full extent consistent with
law continue in full force and effect.

17.      HEADINGS FOR REFERENCE ONLY.

         The headings of sections and paragraphs herein are included solely for
convenience of reference and shall not control the meaning or interpretation of
any of the provisions of this Agreement.

18.      GOVERNING LAW.

         This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Idaho,
unless otherwise specified herein; provided, however, that in the event of a
conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any applicable federal or state
law or regulation, the provisions of such law or regulation shall prevail.

19.      ARBITRATION.

         Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this
Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a panel
of three arbitrators sitting in a location selected by the employee within one
hundred (100) miles from the location of the Bank, in accordance with the rules
of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered
on the arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction; provided, however,
that Executive shall be entitled to seek specific performance of his right to be
paid until the Date of Termination during the pendency of any dispute or
controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement.

20.      PAYMENT OF LEGAL FEES.

         All reasonable legal fees paid or incurred by Executive pursuant to any
dispute or question of interpretation relating to this Agreement shall be paid
or reimbursed by the Bank, if successful pursuant to a legal judgment,
arbitration or settlement.

21.      INDEMNIFICATION.

         The Bank shall provide Executive (including his heirs, executors and
administrators) with coverage under a standard directors' and officers'
liability insurance policy at its expense, or in lieu thereof, shall indemnify
Executive (and his heirs, executors and administrators) to the fullest extent
permitted under the Company's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

22.      SUCCESSOR TO THE BANK OR THE COMPANY.

         The Bank and the Company shall require any successor or assignee,
whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to
all or substantially all the business or assets of the Bank or the Company,
expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Bank's or the
Company's obligations under this Agreement, in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Bank or the Company would be required to perform if no such
succession or assignment had taken place.

23.      ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

         Upon the termination of Executive's employment with the Bank and the
Company (or any successor entity) during the term of this Agreement, Executive
shall submit in writing his resignation as a member of the Bank Board, the
Company Board or the board of directors of any affiliate of the Bank or the
Company if he is then serving in such capacity, with such resignation to be
effective as of the date of his termination of employment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank and the Company hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed and their seal to be affixed hereunto by a duly
authorized officer or director, and Executive has signed this Agreement, all on
the 20th day of December, 2001.

ATTEST:                             FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST

/s/ DEBY L. LUTES                   BY: /s/ STEVE R. COX
- ------------------------------          -----------------------------------

ATTEST:                             FIRSTBANK NW CORP.

/s/ DEBY L. LUTES                   BY: /s/ STEVE R. COX
- ------------------------------          -----------------------------------

WITNESS:

/s/ DEBY L. LUTES                   /s/ CLYDE E. CONKLIN
- -------------------------------     ---------------------------------------

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex10_2.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.2
 
                                  EXHIBIT 10.2
                                  ------------

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of December 20, 2001, by and
between FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST (the "Bank"), FIRSTBANK NW CORP. (the "Company"), a
Washington corporation; and LARRY K. MOXLEY (the "Executive").

         WHEREAS, the Bank wishes to assure itself of the services of Executive
for the period provided in this Agreement; and

         WHEREAS, Executive is willing to serve in the employ of the Bank on a
full-time basis for said period.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein
contained, and upon the other terms and conditions hereinafter provided, the
parties hereby agree as follows:

1.       POSITION AND RESPONSIBILITIES.

         During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive agrees to
serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Bank. During said period, Executive also
agrees to serve, if elected, as an officer and director of the Company or any
subsidiary or affiliate of the Company or the Bank.

2.       TERMS AND DUTIES.

         (a)      The term of this Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced
as of the date first above written and shall continue for a period of thirty-six
(36) full calendar months thereafter. Commencing on the first anniversary date,
and continuing at each anniversary date thereafter, the Board of Directors of
the Bank (the "Board") may extend the Agreement for an additional year. Prior to
the extension of the Agreement as provided herein, the Board of Directors of the
Bank will conduct a formal performance evaluation of Executive for purposes of
determining whether to extend the Agreement, and the results thereof shall be
included in the minutes of the Board's meeting.

         (b)      During the period of his employment hereunder, except for
periods of absence occasioned by illness, reasonable vacation periods, and
reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote substantially all his
business time, attention, skill, and efforts to the faithful performance of his
duties hereunder including activities and services related to the organization,
operation and management of the Bank; provided, however, that, with the approval
of the Board, as evidenced by a resolution of such Board, from time to time,
Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, and
hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations, which, in
such Board's judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Bank,
or materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this
Agreement.

3.       COMPENSATION AND REIMBURSEMENT.

         (a)      The compensation specified under this Agreement shall
constitute the salary and benefits paid for the duties described in Sections 1
and 2. The Bank shall pay Executive as compensation a salary of not less than
$96,000 per year. Such salary shall be payable in accordance with the customary
payroll practices of the Bank. During the period of this Agreement, Executive's

salary shall be reviewed at least annually; the first such review will be made
no later than one year from the date of this Agreement. Such review shall be
conducted by a Committee designated by the Board. Executive's salary plus any
increases provided by the Committee, including any incentive compensation, shall
constitute Executive's base salary ("Base Salary"). In addition to the Base
Salary provided in this Section 3(a), the Bank shall provide Executive at no
cost to Executive with all such other benefits as are provided uniformly to
permanent full-time employees of the Bank.

         (b)      The Bank will provide Executive with employee benefit plans,
arrangements and perquisites substantially equivalent to those in which
Executive was participating or otherwise deriving benefit from immediately prior
to the beginning of the term of this Agreement, and the Bank will not, without
Executive's prior written consent, make any changes in such plans, arrangements
or perquisites which would adversely affect Executive's rights or benefits
thereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this
Subsection (b), Executive will be entitled to participate in or receive benefits
under any employee benefit plans including, but not limited to, retirement
plans, supplemental retirement plans, pension plans, profit-sharing plans,
health-and-accident plan, medical coverage or any other employee benefit plan or
arrangement made available by the Bank in the future to its senior executives
and key management employees, subject to, and on a basis consistent with, the
terms, conditions and overall administration of such plans and arrangements.
Executive will be entitled to incentive compensation and bonuses as provided in
any plan, or pursuant to any arrangement of the Bank, in which Executive is
eligible to participate. Nothing paid to Executive under any such plan or
arrangement will be deemed to be in lieu of other compensation to which
Executive is entitled under this Agreement, except as provided under Section
5(e).

         (c)      In addition to the Base Salary provided for by paragraph (a)
of this Section 3, the Bank shall pay or reimburse Executive for all reasonable
travel and other obligations under this Agreement and may provide such
additional compensation in such form and such amounts as the Board may from time
to time determine.

         (d)      If Executive serves as a member of the Board or the Board of
Directors of the Company (the "Company Board"), the Company or the Bank, as
applicable, shall pay Executive, as additional compensation, an amount equal to
eighty (80) percent of the fees or retainers received by a nonemployee member of
the Board or the Company Board.

4.       PAYMENTS TO EXECUTIVE UPON AN EVENT OF TERMINATION.

         (a)      Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination (as herein
defined) during Executive's term of employment under this Agreement, the
provisions of this Section shall apply. As used in this Agreement, an "Event of
Termination" shall mean and include any one or more of the following: (i) the
termination by the Bank of Executive's full-time employment hereunder for any
reason other than a Change in Control, as defined in Section 5(a) hereof; death;
or retirement, as defined in Section 7 hereof; (ii) Executive's resignation from
the Bank's employ, upon (A) unless consented to by Executive, a material change
in Executive's function, duties, or responsibilities, which change would cause
Executive's position to become one of lesser responsibility, importance, or
scope from the position and attributes thereof described in Sections 1 and 2,
above (any such material change shall be deemed a continuing breach of this
Agreement), (B) a relocation of Executive's principal place of employment by
more than 35 miles from its location at the effective date of this Agreement, or
a material reduction in the benefits and perquisites to Executive from those
being provided as of the effective date of this Agreement, (C) the liquidation
or dissolution of the Bank, or (D) any breach of this Agreement by the Bank.
Upon the occurrence of any event described in clauses (A), (B), (C) or (D),

above, Executive shall have the right to elect to terminate his employment under
this Agreement by resignation upon not less than sixty (60) days prior written
notice given within a reasonable period of time not to exceed, except in case of
a continuing breach, four (4) calendar months after the event giving rise to
said right to elect.

         (b)      Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination, the Bank shall
pay Executive, or, in the event of his subsequent death, his beneficiary or
beneficiaries, or his estate, as the case may be, as severance pay, a lump sum
amount equal to the present value (at a rate reasonably determined by the Board
of all Base Salary and life, medical, dental and disability coverage that would
have been paid to Executive had the contract remained in effect through the
remainder of its then existing term; provided, however, that if the Bank is not
in compliance with its minimum capital requirements or if such payments would
cause the Bank's capital to be reduced below its minimum capital requirements,
such payment shall be deferred until such time as the Bank is in capital
compliance.

5.       CHANGE IN CONTROL.

         (a)      No benefit shall be paid under this Section 5 unless there
shall have occurred a Change in Control of the Company or the Bank. For purposes
of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" of the Company or the Bank shall be
deemed to occur if and when (a) an offeror other than the Company purchases
shares of the common stock of the Company or the Bank pursuant to a tender or
exchange offer for 25% or more of such shares, (b) any person (as such term is
used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) is
or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the
Company or the Bank representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the
Company's or the Bank's then outstanding securities, (c) the membership of the
board of directors of the Company or the Bank changes as the result of a
contested election, such that individuals who were directors at the beginning of
any twenty-four (24) month period (whether commencing before or after the date
of adoption of this Agreement) do not constitute a majority of the Board at the
end of such period, or (d) shareholders of the Company or the Bank approve a
merger, consolidation, sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the
Company's or the Bank's assets, or a plan of partial or complete liquidation.

         (b)      If any of the events described in Section 5(a) hereof
constituting a Change in Control have occurred or the Board of the Bank or the
Company has reasonably determined that a Change in Control has occurred,
Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in paragraphs (c), (d) and
(e) of this Section 5 upon his subsequent involuntary termination following the
effective date of a Change in Control (or voluntary termination following the
effective date of a Change in Control following any demotion, loss of title,
office or significant authority, reduction in his annual compensation or
benefits (other than a reduction affecting the Bank's personnel generally), or
relocation of his principal place of employment by more than thirty-five (35)
miles from its location immediately prior to the Change in Control), unless such
termination is because of his death, retirement as provided in Section 7,
termination for Cause, or termination for Disability.

         (c)      Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control followed by
Executive's termination of employment, the Bank shall pay Executive, or in the
event of his subsequent death, his beneficiary or beneficiaries, or his estate,
as the case may be, as severance pay or liquidated damages, or both, a sum equal
to 2.99 times Executive's "base amount," within the meaning of ss.280G(b)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("Code"), as amended. Such payment shall be
made in a lump sum paid within ten (10) days of Executive's Date of Termination.

(d)      Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control followed by
Executive's termination of employment, the Bank will cause to be continued life,
medical, dental and disability coverage substantially identical to the coverage
maintained by the Bank for Executive prior to his severance. In addition,
Executive shall be entitled to receive the value of employer contributions that
would have been made on Executive's behalf over the remaining term of the
agreement to any tax-qualified retirement plan sponsored by the Bank as of the
Date of Termination. Such coverage and payments shall cease upon the expiration
of thirty-six (36) months.

         (e)      Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, Executive shall be
entitled to receive benefits due him under, or contributed by the Company or the
Bank on his behalf, pursuant to any retirement, incentive, profit sharing,
bonus, performance, disability or other employee benefit plan maintained by the
Bank or the Company on Executive's behalf to the extent that such benefits are
not otherwise paid to Executive upon a Change in Control.

         (f)      Notwithstanding the preceding paragraphs of this Section 5, in
the event that the aggregate payments or benefits to be made or afforded to
Executive under this Section, together with any other payments or benefits
received or to be received by Executive in connection with a Change in Control,
would be deemed to include an "excess parachute payment" under ss.280G of the
Code, then, at the election of Executive, (i) such payments or benefits shall be
payable or provided to Executive over the minimum period necessary to reduce the
present value of such payments or benefits to an amount which is one dollar
($1.00) less than three (3) times Executive's "base amount" under ss.280G(b)(3)
of the Code or (ii) the payments or benefits to be provided under this Section 5
shall be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid treatment as an excess
parachute payment with the allocation of the reduction among such payments and
benefits to be determined by Executive.

6.       TERMINATION FOR DISABILITY.

         (a)      If Executive shall become disabled as defined in the Bank's
then current disability plan (or, if no such plan is then in effect, totally
disabled within with respect to the performance of the material duties of his
regular occupation, as determined by a physician designated by the Board), the
Bank may terminate Executive's employment for "Disability."

         (b)      Upon Executive's termination of employment for Disability, the
Bank will pay Executive, as disability pay, a bi-weekly payment equal to
three-quarters (3/4) of Executive's bi-weekly compensation, determined as of the
effective date of such termination. For purposes of the preceding sentence of
this paragraph, "weekly compensation" shall mean the sum of Executive's Base
Salary and bonuses paid or accrued on Executive's behalf during the twelve-month
period ending on the last day of the month preceding Executive's termination of
employment for Disability divided by fifty-two (52). These disability payments
shall commence on the effective date of Executive's termination and will end on
the earlier of (i) the date Executive returns to the full-time employment of the
Bank in the same capacity as he was employed prior to his termination for
Disability and pursuant to an employment agreement between Executive and the
Bank; (ii) Executive's full-time employment by another employer; (iii) Executive
attaining the age of sixty-five (65); or (iv) Executive's death; (v) the
expiration of the term of this Agreement. The disability pay shall be reduced by
the amount, if any, paid to Executive under any plan of the Bank providing
disability benefits to Executive.

         (c)      The Bank will cause to be continued life, medical, dental and
disability coverage substantially identical to the coverage maintained by the
Bank for Executive prior to his termination for Disability. This coverage and
payments shall cease upon the earlier of (i) the date Executive returns to the
full-time employment of the Bank, in the same capacity as he was employed prior

to his termination for Disability and pursuant to an employment agreement
between Executive and the Bank; (ii) Executive's full-time employment by another
employer; (iii) Executive's attaining the age of sixty-five (65); (iv)
Executive's death; or (v) the expiration of the term of this Agreement.

         (d)      Notwithstanding the foregoing, there will be no reduction in
the compensation otherwise payable to Executive during any period during which
Executive is incapable of performing his duties hereunder by reason of temporary
disability.

7.       TERMINATION UPON RETIREMENT; DEATH OF EXECUTIVE.

         Termination of Executive based on "Retirement" shall mean retirement at
or after attaining age sixty-five (65) or in accordance with any retirement
arrangement established with Executive's consent with respect to him. Upon
termination of Executive upon Retirement, Executive shall be entitled to all
benefits under any retirement plan of the Bank or the Company and other plans to
which Executive is a party. Upon the death of Executive during the term of this
Agreement, the Bank shall pay to Executive's estate the compensation due to
Executive through the last day of the calendar month in which his death
occurred.

8.       TERMINATION FOR CAUSE.

         For purposes of this Agreement, "Termination for Cause" shall include
termination because of Executive's personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful
misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional
failure to perform stated duties, willful violation of any law, rule, or
regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final
cease-and-desist order, or material breach of any provision of this Agreement.
For purposes of this Section, no act, or the failure to act, on Executive's part
shall be "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, not in good faith and
without reasonable belief that the action or omission was in the best interest
of the Bank or its affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall
not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall
have been delivered to him a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-fourths (3/4) of the members of the
Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for that purpose (after
reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for him, together with
counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion
of the Board, Executive was guilty of conduct justifying termination for Cause
and specifying the reasons thereof. Executive shall not have the right to
receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for
Cause. Any stock options granted to Executive under any stock option plan or any
unvested awards granted under any other stock benefit plan of the Bank, the
Company, or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, shall become null and void
effective upon Executive's receipt of Notice of Termination for Cause pursuant
to Section 10 hereof, and shall not be exercisable by Executive at any time
subsequent to such Termination for Cause.

9.       REQUIRED PROVISIONS.

         (a)      The Bank may terminate Executive's employment at any time, but
any termination by the Bank, other than Termination for Cause, shall not
prejudice Executive's right to compensation or other benefits under this
Agreement. Executive shall not have the right to receive compensation or other
benefits for any period after Termination for Cause as defined in Section 8
herein.

(b)      If Executive is suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from
participating in the conduct of the Bank's affairs by a notice served under
Section 8(e)(3) or (g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA") (12
U.S.C. 1818(e)(3) and (g)(1)), the Bank's obligations under the Agreement shall
be suspended as of the date of service, unless stayed by appropriate
proceedings. If the charges in the notice are dismissed, the Bank may, in its
discretion, (i) pay Executive all or part of the compensation withheld while its
contract obligations were suspended and (ii) reinstate (in whole or in part) any
of its obligations that were suspended.

         (c)      If Executive is removed and/or permanently prohibited from
participating in the conduct of the Bank's affairs by an order issued under
Section 8(e)(4) or (g)(1) of the FDIA (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)(4) or (g)(1)), all
obligations of the Bank under the Agreement shall terminate as of the effective
date of the order, but vested rights of the contracting parties shall not be
affected.

         (d)      If the Bank is in default (as defined in Section 3(x)(1) of
the FDIA), all obligations under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date
of default, but this paragraph shall not affect any vested rights of the
parties.

         (e)      All obligations under this Agreement shall be terminated
(except to the extent determined that continuation of the Agreement is necessary
for the continued operation of the Bank): (i) at the time the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation enters into an agreement to provide assistance to or on
behalf of the Bank under the authority contained in Section 13(c) of the FDIA;
or (ii) by the FDIC at the time it approves a supervisory merger to resolve
problems related to operation of the Bank. Any rights of the parties that have
already vested, however, shall not be affected by such action.

         (f)      Any payments made to Executive pursuant to this Agreement, or
otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon compliance with 12 U.S.C.
ss.1828(k) and any regulations promulgated thereunder. Any payments to Executive
contemplated by this Agreement shall not be immediately payable to the extent
such payments are barred or prohibited by an action or order issued by the
Director of Banks of the Washington Department of Financial Institutions or the
FDIC.

10.      NOTICE.

         (a)      Any purported termination by the Bank or by Executive shall be
communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of
this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a written notice which
shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon
and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to
provide a basis for termination of Executive's employment under the provision so
indicated.

         (b)      "Date of Termination" shall mean (A) if Executive's employment
is terminated for Disability, thirty (30) days after a Notice of Termination is
given (provided that he shall not have returned to the performance of his duties
on a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period), and (B) if his
employment is terminated for any other reason, the date specified in the Notice
of Termination (which, in the case of a Termination for Cause, shall not be less
than thirty (30) days from the date such Notice of Termination is given).

         (c)      If, within thirty (30) days after any Notice of Termination is
given, the party receiving such Notice of Termination notifies the other party
that a dispute exists concerning the termination, except upon the occurrence of
a Change in Control and voluntary termination by Executive in which case the

Date of Termination shall be the date specified in the Notice, the Date of
Termination shall be the date on which the dispute is finally determined, either
by mutual written agreement of the parties, by a binding arbitration award, or
by a final judgment, order or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction (the
time for appeal there from having expired and no appeal having been perfected)
and provided further that the Date of Termination shall be extended by a notice
of dispute only if such notice is given in good faith and the party giving such
notice pursues the resolution of such dispute with reasonable diligence.
Notwithstanding the pendency of any such dispute, the Bank will continue to pay
Executive his full compensation in effect when the notice giving rise to the
dispute was given (including, but not limited to, Base Salary) and continue him
as a participant in all compensation, benefit and insurance plans in which he
was participating when the notice of dispute was given, until the dispute is
finally resolved in accordance with this Agreement. Amounts paid under this
Section are in addition to all other amounts due under this Agreement and shall
not be offset against or reduce any other amounts due under this Agreement.

11.      NON-COMPETITION.

         (a)      Upon any termination of Executive's employment hereunder
pursuant to an Event of Termination as provided in Section 4 hereof, Executive
agrees not to compete with the Bank and/or the Company for a period equal to the
greater of one (1) year or the remainder of the existing term of the Agreement
following such termination in any city, town or county in which the Bank and/or
the Company has an office or has filed an application for regulatory approval to
establish an office, determined as of the effective date of such termination.
Executive agrees that during such period and within said cities, towns and
counties, Executive shall not work for or advise, consult or otherwise serve
with, directly or indirectly, any entity whose business materially competes with
the depository, lending or other business activities of the Bank and/or the
Company. The parties hereto, recognizing that irreparable injury will result to
the Bank and/or the Company, its business and property in the event of
Executive's breach of this Subsection 11(a) agree that in the event of any such
breach by Executive, the Bank and/or the Company will be entitled, in addition
to any other remedies and damages available, to an injunction to restrain the
violation hereof by Executive, Executive's partners, agents, servants,
employers, employees and all persons acting for or with Executive. Executive
represents and admits that in the event of the termination of his employment
pursuant to Section 8 hereof, Executive's experience and capabilities are such
that Executive can obtain employment in a business engaged in other lines and/or
of a different nature than the Bank and/or the Company, and that the enforcement
of a remedy by way of injunction will not prevent Executive from earning a
livelihood. Nothing herein will be construed as prohibiting the Bank and/or the
Company from pursuing any other remedies available to the Bank and/or the
Company for such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages
from Executive.

         (b)      Executive recognizes and acknowledges that the knowledge of
the business activities and plans for business activities of the Bank and
affiliates thereof, as it may exist from time to time, is a valuable, special
and unique asset of the business of the Bank. Executive will not, during or
after the term of his employment, disclose any knowledge of the past, present,
planned or considered business activities of the Bank or affiliates thereof to
any person, firm, corporation, or other entity for any reason or purpose
whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may disclose any knowledge
of banking, financial and/or economic principles, concepts or ideas which are
not solely and exclusively derived from the business plans and activities of the
Bank. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive of the
provisions of this Section, the Bank will be entitled to an injunction
restraining Executive from disclosing, in whole or in part, the knowledge of the
past, present, planned or considered business activities of the Bank or
affiliates thereof, or from rendering any services to any person, firm,

corporation, other entity to whom such knowledge, in whole or in part, has been
disclosed or is threatened to be disclosed. Nothing herein will be construed as
prohibiting the Bank from pursuing any other remedies available to the Bank for
such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages from
Executive.

12.      SOURCE OF PAYMENTS.

         All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash or
check from the general funds of the Bank. The Company, however, guarantees all
payments and the provision of all amounts and benefits due hereunder to
Executive and, if such payments are not timely paid or provided by the Bank,
such amounts and benefits shall be paid or provided by the Company.

13.      EFFECT ON PRIOR AGREEMENTS AND EXISTING BENEFITS PLANS.

         This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties
hereto and supersedes any prior employment agreement between the Bank or any
predecessor of the Bank and Executive, except that this Agreement shall not
affect or operate to reduce any benefit or compensation inuring to Executive of
a kind elsewhere provided. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted
to mean that Executive is subject to receiving fewer benefits than those
available to him without reference to this Agreement.

14.      NO ATTACHMENT.

         (a)      Except as required by law, no right to receive payments under
this Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation, alienation, sale,
assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge, or hypothecation, or to execution,
attachment, levy, or similar process or assignment by operation of law, and any
attempt, voluntary or involuntary, to affect any such action shall be null,
void, and of no effect.

         (b)      This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit
of, Executive, the Bank, the Company and their respective successors and
assigns.

15.      MODIFICATION AND WAIVER.

         (a)      This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an
instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

         (b)      No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have
been waived, nor shall there by any estoppel against the enforcement of any
provision of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party charged
with such waiver or estoppel. No such written waiver shall be deemed a
continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall
operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not
constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future as to any act other
than that specifically waived.

16.      SEVERABILITY.

         If, for any reason, any provision of this Agreement, or any part of any
provision, is held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement or any part of such provision not held so invalid, and each
such other provision and part thereof shall to the full extent consistent with
law continue in full force and effect.

17.      HEADINGS FOR REFERENCE ONLY.

         The headings of sections and paragraphs herein are included solely for
convenience of reference and shall not control the meaning or interpretation of
any of the provisions of this Agreement.

18.      GOVERNING LAW.

         This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Idaho,
unless otherwise specified herein; provided, however, that in the event of a
conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any applicable federal or state
law or regulation, the provisions of such law or regulation shall prevail.

19.      ARBITRATION.

         Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this
Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a panel
of three arbitrators sitting in a location selected by the employee within one
hundred (100) miles from the location of the Bank, in accordance with the rules
of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered
on the arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction; provided, however,
that Executive shall be entitled to seek specific performance of his right to be
paid until the Date of Termination during the pendency of any dispute or
controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement.

20.      PAYMENT OF LEGAL FEES.

         All reasonable legal fees paid or incurred by Executive pursuant to any
dispute or question of interpretation relating to this Agreement shall be paid
or reimbursed by the Bank, if successful pursuant to a legal judgment,
arbitration or settlement.

21.      INDEMNIFICATION.

         The Bank shall provide Executive (including his heirs, executors and
administrators) with coverage under a standard directors' and officers'
liability insurance policy at its expense, or in lieu thereof, shall indemnify
Executive (and his heirs, executors and administrators) to the fullest extent
permitted under the Company's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

22.      SUCCESSOR TO THE BANK OR THE COMPANY.

         The Bank and the Company shall require any successor or assignee,
whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to
all or substantially all the business or assets of the Bank or the Company,
expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Bank's or the
Company's obligations under this Agreement, in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Bank or the Company would be required to perform if no such
succession or assignment had taken place.

23.      ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

         Upon the termination of Executive's employment with the Bank and the
Company (or any successor entity) during the term of this Agreement, Executive
shall submit in writing his resignation as a member of the Bank Board, the
Company Board or the board of directors of any affiliate of the Bank or the
Company if he is then serving in such capacity, with such resignation to be
effective as of the date of his termination of employment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank and the Company hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed and their seal to be affixed hereunto by a duly
authorized officer or director, and Executive has signed this Agreement, all on
the 20th day of December, 2001.

ATTEST:                             FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST

/s/ DEBY L. LUTES                   BY: /s/ STEVE R. COX
- ------------------------------          -----------------------------------

ATTEST:                             FIRSTBANK NW CORP.

/s/ DEBY L. LUTES                   BY: /s/ STEVE R. COX
- ------------------------------          -----------------------------------

WITNESS:

/s/ DEBY L. LUTES                   /s/ LARRY K. MOXLEY
- -------------------------------     ---------------------------------------

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 ex10_3.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.3
 
                                  EXHIBIT 10.3
                                  ------------

                                 Plan Agreement
                                    Under The
           FirstBank Northwest Executive Non-Qualified Retirement Plan
                              (Complete Both Pages)

         THIS AGREEMENT, entered into as of this 20th day of December , 2001, by
and between Clyde E. Conklin (the "Participant") and FirstBank Northwest (the
"Bank").

         WHEREAS, the Bank maintains the FirstBank Northwest Executive
Non-Qualified Retirement Plan (the "Plan"), which is incorporated into and forms
a part of this Agreement by this reference, and a copy of which the Participant
has received.

         WHEREAS, the Participant has been selected by the Plan Committee to
participate in the Plan.

         NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the Bank and the Participant agree that the
following provisions shall apply for purposes of determining the Participant's
entitlement under the Plan (if any provision shall be left blank, the default
provision in the Plan shall apply):

Accrued Benefit: The cumulative sum of the annual benefit accruals under the
insurance policy(ies) acquired by the Bank to informally fund the Participant's
Monthly Benefit for the Participant's Years of Participation, determined as of
the last day of the Plan Year, and at such other times as determined appropriate
by the Committee. Refer to attached Executive Non-Qualified Retirement Plan
Benefit Accrual/Vesting Schedule. If no such insurance policy has been acquired
by the Bank then the Accrued Benefit shall be determined under the terms of the
Plan. Once benefits commence under the Plan, the Accrued Benefit shall be
increased by the Inflator Factor.

Monthly Benefit: The Monthly Benefit shall be $5,395.83. The Monthly Benefit
shall be increased by the Inflator Factor. This is the total monthly benefit to
be provided by under this Agreement, and a previous Agreement.

Inflator Factor: 2 1/2 percent annually, commencing with the first anniversary
of the date the Participant's benefits commence under the Plan.

Normal Retirement Date:  Age sixty (60).

Vesting Schedule: The Participant shall be 100 percent vested in his Plan
benefits at all times, except upon Termination for Cause.

Other Provisions:   None

Continued on Next Page
                             ----------------------

Beneficiary Designations
                            ------------------------
                          Add extra sheet if necessary

Primary (Required)
         ------------------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contingent (Optional)
         ---------------------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contingent
         ----------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Payable After Death of Both Participant and Beneficiary (Optional)
         ------------------------------------------------------------------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contingent
         ----------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Participant has executed this Agreement, and
the Bank has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf,
all as of the date set forth above.

                                       2

Participant:                                         Date:

                                                     December 20, 2001
/s/ CLYDE E. CONKLIN
- --------------------------------------

FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST                                  Date:

By: /s/ STEVE R. COX                                 December 20, 2001
    ----------------------------------

                                       3

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 ex10_4.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.4
 
                                  EXHIBIT 10.4
                                  ------------

                                 Plan Agreement
                                    Under The
           Firstbank Northwest Executive Non-Qualified Retirement Plan
                              (Complete Both Pages)

         THIS AGREEMENT, entered into as of this 20th day of December , 2001, by
and between Larry K. Moxley (the "Participant") and FirstBank Northwest (the
"Bank").

         WHEREAS, the Bank maintains the FirstBank Northwest Executive
Non-Qualified Retirement Plan (the "Plan"), which is incorporated into and forms
a part of this Agreement by this reference, and a copy of which the Participant
has received.

         WHEREAS, the Participant has been selected by the Plan Committee to
participate in the Plan.

         NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the Bank and the Participant agree that the
following provisions shall apply for purposes of determining the Participant's
entitlement under the Plan (if any provision shall be left blank, the default
provision in the Plan shall apply):

Accrued Benefit: The cumulative sum of the annual benefit accruals under the
insurance policy(ies) acquired by the Bank to informally fund the Participant's
Monthly Benefit for the Participant's Years of Participation, determined as of
the last day of the Plan Year, and at such other times as determined appropriate
by the Committee. Refer to attached Executive Non-Qualified Retirement Plan
Benefit Accrual/Vesting Schedule. If no such insurance policy has been acquired
by the Bank then the Accrued Benefit shall be determined under the terms of the
Plan. Once benefits commence under the Plan, the Accrued Benefit shall be
increased by the Inflator Factor.

Monthly Benefit: The Monthly Benefit shall be $5,079.17. The Monthly Benefit
shall be increased by the Inflator Factor. This is the total monthly benefit to
be provided by under this Agreement, and a previous Agreement.

Inflator Factor: 2 1/2 percent annually, commencing with the first anniversary
of the date the Participant's benefits commence under the Plan.

Normal Retirement Date:  Age sixty (60).

Vesting Schedule: The Participant shall be 100 percent vested in his Plan
benefits at all times, except upon Termination for Cause.

Other Provisions:   None

Continued on Next Page
                             ----------------------

Beneficiary Designations
                            ------------------------
                          Add extra sheet if necessary

Primary (Required)
         ------------------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contingent (Optional)
         ---------------------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contingent
         ----------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Payable After Death of Both Participant and Beneficiary (Optional)
         ------------------------------------------------------------------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contingent
         ----------

Name:                                       Relationship:
- ----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------

Address:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Participant has executed this Agreement, and
the Bank has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf,
all as of the date set forth above.

                                       2

Participant:                                         Date:

                                                     December 20, 2001
/s/ LARRY K. MOXLEY
- --------------------------------------

FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST                                  Date:

By: /s/ STEVE R. COX                                 December 20, 2001
    ----------------------------------

                                       3

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.8>
 6
 ex10_8.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.8
 
                                  EXHIBIT 10.8
                                  ------------

FirstBank Northwest
                     Executive Non-Qualified Retirement Plan

FirstBank Northwest
                     Executive Non-Qualified Retirement Plan

Introduction and Purpose
- ------------------------

The purpose of this Executive Non-Qualified Retirement Plan is to provide
supplemental retirement benefits to the executives designated to participate
herein, to encourage them to remain an employee of the Employer, and to
contribute materially to the continued growth, development and future business
success of the Employer. The Effective Date of this Plan is December 1, 2001.
The provisions of this Plan shall not supercede or otherwise affect any deferred
compensation or salary continuation plan, contract or agreement in effect as of
the Effective Date. This Plan shall be unfunded for tax purposes and for
purposes of Title I of ERISA.

ARTICLE I
                                   Definitions
                                   -----------

For purposes of this Plan, unless otherwise clearly apparent from the context,
the following phrases or terms shall have the following indicated meanings:

         "Accrued Benefit" shall mean, unless otherwise provided in the
         Participant's Plan Agreement, an amount equal to the Participant's
         Monthly Benefit multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is (a)
         the Participant's Years of Participation from the date of his
         commencement of participation herein and ending on the last day of the
         month in which the Participant experiences a Termination of Employment,
         and the denominator of which is (b) the total number of Years of
         Participation determined as of the Participant remained continually
         employed until his Normal Retirement Date.

                  EXAMPLE: A Participant who is age 55 with a Monthly Benefit of
                  $4,000 ($48,000 annually) payable at a Normal Retirement Date
                  of age 65 will each year until his Normal Retirement Age
                  accrue a Monthly Benefit of $400 ($4,800 annually) ($4,000
                  times 1/10). If that Participant experiences a Termination of
                  Employment after being credited with 3 Years of Participation,
                  then his Monthly Benefit payable commencing when he attains
                  age 65 will be $1,200 per month ($4,000 times 3/10).

         "Affiliate" shall mean an entity related to the Employer pursuant to
         Code Section 414(b) or 414(c).

         "Beneficiary" shall mean one or more persons, estates or other
         entities, designated in accordance with Article 9, that are entitled to
         receive benefits under this Plan upon the death of the Participant.

                                       1

"Beneficiary Designation Form" shall mean the form established from
         time to time by the Committee that the Participant completes, signs and
         returns to the Committee to designate one or more Beneficiaries.

         "Board" shall mean the board of directors of the Employer.

         "Claimant" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.1.

         "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code 1986, as it may be amended
         from time to time.

         "Committee" shall mean the committee described in Article 12. If no
         Committee is appointed, references thereto shall apply to the Employer
         or its delegate appointed for purposes of administering this Plan.

         "Employer" shall mean FirstBank Northwest, and any successor to all or
         substantially all of the Employer's assets or business. Unless
         otherwise provided, references to Employer shall be deemed also to
         refer to Affiliates.

         "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
         as it may be amended from time to time.

         "Involuntary Termination" shall have the same meaning as "involuntary
         termination" as defined in the Participant's employment agreement in
         effect on the date the Participant experiences a Termination of
         Employment.

         "Monthly Benefit" shall mean the benefit set forth in the Participant's
         Plan Agreement.

         "Normal Retirement Date" shall mean the date set forth in the
         Participant's Plan Agreement. If no such date is specified in the Plan
         Agreement, then the Normal Retirement Date shall be the date the
         Participant attains age sixty-five (65).

         "Plan Agreement" shall mean a written agreement, as may be amended from
         time to time, entered into by and between the Employer and the
         Participant with respect to this Plan. Should there be more than one
         Plan Agreement, the Plan Agreement bearing the latest date of
         acceptance by the Employer shall supersede all previous Plan Agreements
         in their entirety and shall govern such entitlement. The terms of any
         Plan Agreement may be different for any Participant, and any Plan
         Agreement may provide additional benefits not set forth in the Plan or
         limit the benefits otherwise provided under the Plan; provided,
         however, that any such additional benefits or benefit limitations must
         be agreed to by both the Employer and the Participant.

                                       2

"Participant" shall mean an officer of the Employer (i) who is selected
         to participate in the Plan, (ii) who signs a Plan Agreement, (iii)
         whose signed Plan Agreement and Beneficiary Designation Form are
         accepted by the Committee, and (iv) whose Plan Agreement has not
         terminated. A spouse or former spouse of a Participant shall not be
         treated as a Participant even if he or she has an interest in the
         Participant's benefits under the Plan as a result of applicable law or
         property settlements resulting from legal separation or divorce.

         "Plan Year" shall mean the calendar year.

         "Termination for Cause" shall mean the severing of the employment with
         the Employer on account of "cause", as that term (or a similar term) is
         defined in the Participant's employment contract with the Employer. If
         no such employment contract is in effect, "cause" shall mean (1) gross
         negligence or gross neglect of duties; (2) commission of a felony or
         gross misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; (3) fraud, disloyalty or
         willful violation of any law or significant Employer policy committed
         in connection with the Participant's employment and resulting in an
         adverse effect on the Employer; or (4) with in the employment with the
         Employer, accepting additional employment with a competing institution.

         "Termination of Employment" shall mean the severing of employment with
         the Employer voluntarily or involuntarily, for any reason, including
         than retirement, or death, other than on account of Termination for
         Cause.

         "Trust" shall mean any trust established between the Employer and the
         trustee named therein to provide benefits hereunder, as amended from
         time to time.

         "Year of Participation" shall include each 12-month period (or fraction
         thereof) during which the Participant is employed by the Employer,
         including on an approved leave of absence, and a Participant hereunder.

ARTICLE 2
                       Selection, Enrollment, Eligibility
                       ----------------------------------

2.1      Selection by Committee. Participation in the Plan shall be limited to
         persons who are within a select group of management and highly
         compensated employees, and who are selected by the Committee in its
         sole discretion from time to time to participate herein.

2.2      Enrollment Requirements. As a condition to participation, each selected
         Participant shall complete, execute and return to the Committee a Plan
         Agreement and a Beneficiary Designation Form. In addition, the
         Committee shall establish from time to time such other enrollment
         requirements as it determines in its sole discretion are necessary or
         appropriate.

                                       3

2.3      Eligibility; Commencement of Participation. Provided a person selected
         to participate in the Plan has met all enrollment requirements set
         forth in this Plan and required by the Committee, that person shall
         commence participation in the Plan on the first day of the month
         following the month in which he completes all enrollment requirements.

2.4      Termination of Participation. If the Committee determines in good faith
         that a Participant no longer qualifies as a member of a select group of
         management or highly compensated employees, as membership in such group
         is determined in accordance with Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and
         401(a)(1) of ERISA, the Committee shall have the right, in its sole
         discretion, to (i) not permit further benefit accruals hereunder,
         and/or (ii) immediately distribute in a single lump sum the present
         value (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) of the
         Participant's vested Accrued Benefit determined as if the Participant
         experienced a Termination of Employment, and terminate the
         Participant's participation herein.

                                    ARTICLE 3
                                    Benefits
                                    --------

3.1      Normal Retirement Benefit. If the Participant experiences a Termination
         of Employment on his Normal Retirement Date, the Employer shall pay the
         Monthly Benefit to him commencing on the first day of the month
         following his Normal Retirement Date and on the first day of each
         calendar month thereafter during his lifetime.

3.2      Late Retirement Benefit. If the Participant experiences a Termination
         of Employment after his Normal Retirement Date, the Employer shall pay
         his Monthly Benefit to him commencing on the first day of the month
         following his Termination of Employment and on the first day of each
         calendar month thereafter during his lifetime.

3.3      Termination of Employment Benefits. If the Participant experiences a
         Termination of Employment prior to his Normal Retirement Date other
         than on account of death or Termination for Cause, the Employer shall
         pay the Participant's Accrued Benefit to him commencing on the first
         day of the month following his Normal Retirement Date (if he is then
         living) and on the first day of each calendar month thereafter during
         his lifetime.

3.4      Death Benefits.

         (a)      If the Participant is not living on his Normal Retirement
         Date, and the Participant's Beneficiary is living on that date, then
         the Employer shall pay to the Beneficiary the Participant's Accrued
         Benefit over two hundred and forty (240) monthly installments
         commencing on the first day of the month after the Participant dies.

                                       4

(b)      If the Participant dies after his Normal Retirement Date after
         his Monthly Benefit has commenced, and is survived by his or her
         Beneficiary, then the Employer shall pay to the Beneficiary the Monthly
         Benefit that was payable to the Participant as of the month preceding
         the month of his death, for a number of months equal to the difference
         between (1) 240, and (2) the number of months during which the
         Participant received a Monthly Benefit, commencing as of the first day
         of the month after the Participant dies.

         (c)      After the death of both the Participant and the Beneficiary
         prior to the payment of all Monthly Benefits, any remaining Monthly
         Benefit payments due to be paid pursuant to Section 3.4(b) shall be
         paid to the person(s) designated by the Participant. If no person(s)
         are designated by the Participant to receive such payments, then such
         payments shall be paid to the estate of the Beneficiary.

3.5      Acceleration of Benefits; Lump Sum Payments. The Committee may
         accelerate the payment of a Participant or Beneficiary's benefits at
         such time and in such manner as the Committee may determine.

3.6      Distributions. The Employer, or the trustee of the Trust, shall
         withhold from any payments made to a Participant all federal, state and
         local income, employment and other taxes required to be withheld by the
         Employer, or the trustee of the Trust, in connection with such
         payments, in amounts and in a manner to be determined in the sole
         discretion of the Employer and the trustee of the Trust.

ARTICLE 4
                    In-Service Withdrawals and Distributions
                    ----------------------------------------

         Except as otherwise permitted herein, in-service withdrawals and
         distributions are not permitted under this Plan.

ARTICLE 5
                                     Vesting
                                     -------

         Unless otherwise provided in the Participant's Plan Agreement, the
         Participant will be fully vested in his Monthly Benefit at all times.

ARTICLE 6
                            Participant Contributions
                            -------------------------

         Participant contributions are neither permitted nor required hereunder.

                                       5

ARTICLE 7
                             Forfeiture of Benefits
                             ----------------------

7.1      Termination for Cause. Upon a Participant's Termination for Cause no
         Monthly Benefits (or further Monthly Benefits) shall be paid hereunder.

7.2      Regulatory Provisions. No further benefits shall be paid to a
         Participant under this Plan for so long as required under the following
         circumstances:

         (a)      Temporary Suspension or Prohibition. If the Participant is
         suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from participating in the
         conduct of the Employer's affairs by a notice served under Section
         8(e)(3) or (g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA"), 12
         U.S.C. ss. 1818(e)(3) and (g)(1), the Employer's obligations under this
         Plan shall be suspended as of the date of service, unless stayed by
         appropriate proceedings. If the charges in the notice are dismissed,
         the Employer may in its discretion (i) pay the Participant all or part
         of the compensation withheld while its obligations under this Plan were
         suspended and (ii) reinstate in whole or in part any of its obligations
         which were suspended.

         (b)      Permanent Suspension or Prohibition. If the Participant is
         removed and/or permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct
         of the Employer's affairs by an order issued under Section 8(e)(4) or
         (g)(1) of the FDIA, 12 U.S.C. ss. 1818(e)(4) and (g)(1), all
         obligations of the Employer under this Plan shall terminate as of the
         effective date of the order, but vested rights of the contracting
         parties shall not be affected.

         (c)      Default. If the Employer is in default (as defined in Section
         3(x)(1) of the FDIA), all obligations under this Plan shall terminate
         as of the date of default, but this provision shall not affect any
         vested rights of the contracting parties.

         (d)      Termination by Regulators. All obligations under this Plan
         shall be terminated, except to the extent determined that continuation
         of this Plan is necessary for the continued operation of the Employer:
         (i) at the time the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC")
         enters into an agreement to provide assistance to or on behalf of the
         Employer under the authority contained in Section 13(c) of the FDIA; or
         (ii) by the FDIC, at the time it approves a supervisory merger to
         resolve problems related to the operation of the Employer. Any rights
         of the parties that have already vested, however, shall not be affected
         by any such action.

         (e)      Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (1) any
         payments made hereunder shall be subject to and conditioned upon
         compliance with 12 USC Section 1828(k) and any regulations promulgated
         thereunder, and (2) payments contemplated hereunder shall not be
         immediately payable to the extent such payments are barred or
         prohibited by an action or order issued by the Director of Banks of the
         Washington Department of Financial Institutions, or the FDIC.

                                       6

ARTICLE 8
                                     Funding
                                     -------

8.1      Funding Generally. The Employer's obligations under this Plan shall be
         an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay. The Employer shall not be
         obligated under any circumstances to fund in advance its obligations
         under this Plan, and when the benefit amount is paid it shall be
         expensed out of the Employer's general assets.

8.2      Option to Fund Informally. Notwithstanding Section 8.1, the Employer
         may, at its sole option, or by agreement, informally fund its
         obligations under this Plan in whole or in part, provided, however,
         that in no event shall such informal funding be construed to create any
         trust fund, escrow account or other security for the Participant with
         respect to the payment of benefit under this Plan, other than as
         permitted by Internal Revenue Service and Department of Labor rules and
         regulations for unfunded supplemental retirement plans. Furthermore, if
         the Employer decides to informally fund its obligations under this
         Plan, in whole or in part, by procuring, as owner, life insurance for
         its own benefit on the life of the Participant, the form of such
         insurance and the amounts thereof shall be in the sole decision of the
         Employer, and in no event shall the Participant have any incidents of
         ownership in any such policies of insurance.

ARTICLE 9
                             Beneficiary Designation
                             -----------------------

9.1      Beneficiary. The Participant shall have the right, at any time, to
         designate his or her Beneficiary(ies) (both primary as well as
         contingent) to receive any benefits payable under the Plan to a
         beneficiary upon the death of the Participant. The Beneficiary
         designated under this Plan may be the same as or different from the
         Beneficiary designated under any other plan of an Employer in which the
         Participant participates.

9.2      Beneficiary Designation: Change; Spousal Consent. The Participant shall
         designate his or her Beneficiary by completing and signing the
         Beneficiary Designation Form and returning it to the Committee or its
         designated agent. The Participant shall have the right to change a
         Beneficiary by completing, signing and otherwise complying with the
         terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Committee's rules and
         procedures, as in effect from time to time. If the Participant names
         someone other than his or her spouse as a Beneficiary, a spousal
         consent, in the form designated by the Committee, must be signed by
         that Participant's spouse and returned to the Committee. Upon the
         acceptance by the Committee of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all
         Beneficiary designations previously filed shall be canceled. The
         Committee shall be entitled to rely on the last Beneficiary Designation
         Form filed by the Participant and accepted by the Committee prior to
         his or her death.

                                       7

9.3      Acknowledgment. No designation or change in designation of a
         Beneficiary shall be effective until received and acknowledged in
         writing by the Committee or its designated agent.

9.4      No Beneficiary Designation. If a Participant fails to designate a
         Beneficiary as provided in Sections 9.1, 9.2 and 9.3 above or, if all
         designated Beneficiaries predecease the Participant or die prior to
         complete distribution of the Participant's benefits, then the
         Participant's designated Beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her
         surviving spouse. If the Participant has no surviving spouse, no
         further benefits shall be paid under this Plan, except as provided in
         Section 3.4.

9.5      Doubt as to Beneficiary. If the Committee has any doubt as to the
         proper Beneficiary to receive payments pursuant to this Plan, the
         Committee shall have the right, exercisable in its discretion, to cause
         the Employer to withhold such payments until this matter is resolved to
         the Committee's satisfaction.

9.6      Discharge of Obligations. The payment of benefits under the Plan to a
         Beneficiary shall fully and completely discharge the Employer,
         Affiliates and the Committee from all further obligations under this
         Plan with respect to the Participant, and the Participant's Plan
         Agreement shall terminate upon such full payment of benefits.

                                   ARTICLE 10
                                Leave of Absence
                                ----------------

         If the Participant is authorized by the Employer for any reason to take
         a paid or unpaid leave of absence from the employment of the Employer
         or an Affiliate, the Participant shall continue to be considered
         employed by the Employer or Affiliate (and therefore not to have
         experienced a Termination of Employment), and Monthly Benefits shall
         continue to accrue in accordance with this Plan.

ARTICLE 11
                     Termination, Amendment or Modification
                     --------------------------------------

11.1     Termination. Although the Employer anticipates that it will continue
         this Plan for an indefinite period of time, there is no guarantee that
         the Employer will continue the Plan or will not terminate the Plan at
         any time in the future. Accordingly, the Employer reserves the right to
         terminate the Plan at any time by action of its board of directors.
         Upon the termination of the Plan, the Participant's Plan Agreement
         shall terminate and the accrued vested Monthly Benefit, determined as
         if he had experienced a Termination of Employment on the date of the
         Plan Termination (Paragraph 3.3.), shall be paid on the first day of
         the month following his Normal Retirement Date. Participant may request
         immediate monthly benefits to begin within 60 days of termination or a
         lump sum present value. Such request is subject to committee approval.
         If the Participant or Beneficiary has become entitled to the payment of

                                       8

any benefits under the Plan as of the date of termination, the Employer
         shall have the right to accelerate payments without a premium or
         prepayment penalty by paying the present value of the remaining Monthly
         Benefits in a lump sum or pursuant to monthly installments. For
         purposes of this Section 11.1, the present value of any Monthly
         Benefits shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion,
         and the determination of such present value shall be conclusive.

11.2     Amendment. The Employer may, at any time, amend or modify the Plan in
         whole or in part by the action of its board of directors; provided,
         however, that no amendment or modification shall be effective to
         decrease or restrict the value of a Participant's vested Monthly
         Benefit in existence at the time the amendment or modification is made,
         calculated as if the Participant had experienced a Termination of
         Employment as of the effective date of the amendment or modification.

11.3     Plan Agreement. Despite the provisions of Sections 11.1 and 11.2 above,
         if a Participant's Plan Agreement contains benefits or limitations that
         are not in this document, the Employer may only amend or terminate such
         provisions with the consent of the Participant.

11.4     Effect of Payment. The full payment of the applicable benefit under
         this Plan shall completely discharge all obligations to a Participant
         and his or her designated Beneficiaries under this Plan and the
         Participant's Plan Agreement shall terminate.

                                   ARTICLE 12
                                 Administration
                                 --------------

12.1     Committee Duties. This Plan shall be administered by a Committee which
         shall consist of the Board, or such committee as the Board shall
         appoint. Members of the Committee may be Participants under this Plan.
         The Committee shall also have the discretion and authority to (i) make,
         amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for
         the administration of this Plan and (ii) decide or resolve any and all
         questions including interpretations of this Plan, as may arise in
         connection with the Plan. Any individual on the Committee who is a
         Participant shall not vote or act on any matter relating solely to
         himself or herself. When making a determination or calculation, the
         Committee shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by a
         Participant or the Employer.

12.2     Agents. In the administration of this Plan, the Committee may, from
         time to time, employ agents and delegate to them such administrative
         duties as it sees fit (including acting through a duly appointed
         representative) and may from time to time consult with counsel who may
         be counsel to any Employer.

                                       9

12.3     Binding Effect of Decisions. The decision or action of the Committee
         with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the
         administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the
         rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final and
         conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the
         Plan.

12.4     Indemnity of Committee. The Employer shall indemnify and hold harmless
         the members of the Committee, and any Participant to whom the duties of
         the Committee may be delegated, against any and all claims, losses,
         damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or failure to
         act with respect to this Plan, except in the case of misconduct by the
         Committee or any of its members or any such Participant.

12.5     Employer Information. To enable the Committee to perform its functions,
         the Employer shall supply full and timely information to the Committee
         on all matters relating to the Participants, including the date and
         circumstances of their retirement, Disability, death or Termination of
         Employment, and such other pertinent information as the Committee may
         reasonably require.

ARTICLE 13
                            Other Benefits and Plans
                            ------------------------

         The benefits provided for the Participant or the Participant's
         Beneficiary under the Plan are in addition to any other benefits
         available to the Participant under any other plan or program for
         employees of the Participant's Employer. The Plan shall supplement and
         shall not supersede, modify or amend any other such plan or program
         except as may otherwise be expressly provided.

ARTICLE 14
                                Claims Procedures
                                -----------------

14.1     Presentation of Claim. The Participant or Beneficiary of a deceased
         Participant (such Participant or Beneficiary being referred to below as
         a "Claimant") may deliver to the Committee a written claim for a
         determination with respect to the amounts distributable to such
         Claimant from the Plan. If such a claim relates to the contents of a
         notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within 60 days
         after such notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must
         be made within 180 days of the date on which the event that caused the
         claim to anise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the
         determination desired by the Claimant.

14.2     Notification of Decision. The Committee shall consider a Claimants
         claim within a reasonable time, and shall notify the Claimant in
         writing:

                                       10

(a)      that the Claimant's requested determination has been made, and
                  that the claim has been allowed in full; or

         (b)      that the Committee has reached a conclusion contrary, in whole
                  or in part, to the Claimant's requested determination, and
                  such notice must set forth in a manner calculated to be
                  understood by the Claimant:

         (i)      the specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim, or any
                  part of it;

         (ii)     specific reference(s) to pertinent provisions of the Plan upon
                  which such denial was based;

         (iii)    a description of any additional material or information
                  necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim, and an
                  explanation of why such material or information is necessary;
                  and

         (iv)     an explanation of the claim review procedure set forth in
                  Section 14.3 below.

14.3     Review of a Denied Claim. With 60 days after receiving a notice from
         the Committee that a claim has been denied, in whole or in part, a
         Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized representative) may file
         with the Committee a written request for a review of the denial of the
         claim. Thereafter, but not later than 30 days after the review
         procedure began, the Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized
         representative):

         (a)      may review pertinent documents;

         (b)      may submit written comments or other documents; and/or

         (c)      may request a hearing, which the Committee, in its sole
                  discretion, may grant.

14.4     Decision on Review. The Committee shall render its decision on review
         promptly, and not later than 60 days after the filing of a written
         request for review of the denial, unless a hearing is held or other
         special circumstances require additional time, in which case the
         Committee's decision must be rendered within 120 days after such date.
         Such decision must be written in a manner calculated to be understood
         by the Claimant, and it must contain:

         (a)      specific reasons for the decision;

         (b)      specific reference(s) to the pertinent Plan provisions upon
                  which the decision was based; and

         (c)      such other matters as the Committee deems relevant.

                                       11

14.5     Legal Action. A Claimant's compliance with the foregoing provisions of
         this Article 14 is a mandatory prerequisite to a Claimant's right to
         commence any legal action with respect to any claim for benefits under
         this Plan.

                                   ARTICLE 15
                                      Trust
                                      -----

15.1     Establishment of the Trust. The Employer may establish the Trust and
         the Employer shall, at each pay period, transfer over to the Trust such
         amount of cash as the Employer is required to contribute.

15.2     Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust. The provisions of the Plan
         and the Plan Agreement shall govern the rights of a Participant to
         receive distributions pursuant to the Plan. The provisions of the Trust
         shall govern the rights of the Employer and its Affiliates, the
         Participant and the creditors of the Employers to the assets
         transferred to the Trust. The Employer shall at all times remain liable
         to carry out its obligations under the Plan.

15.3     Distributions From the Trust. Each Employer's obligations under the
         Plan may be satisfied with Trust assets distributed pursuant to the
         terms of the Trust and any such distribution shall reduce the
         Employer's obligations under this Plan.

                                   ARTICLE 16
                                  Miscellaneous
                                  -------------

16.1     Status of Plan. The Plan is intended to be a plan that is not qualified
         within the meaning of Code Section 401(a) and that "is unfunded and is
         maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing
         deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly
         compensated employees" within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2),
         301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1). The Plan shall be administered and interpreted
         to the extent possible in a manner consistent with that intent.

16.2     Unsecured General Creditor. Participants and their Beneficiaries,
         heirs, successors and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights,
         interests or claims in any property or assets of an Employer. For
         purposes of the payment of benefits under this Plan, any and all of an
         Employer's assets shall be, and remain the general, unpledged and
         unrestricted assets of the Employer. An Employer's obligation under the
         Plan shall be merely of an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money
         in the future.

16.3     Employer's Liability. An Employer's liability for the payment of
         benefits shall be defined only by this Plan and the Plan Agreement
         entered into between the Employer and the Participant. An Employer
         shall have no obligation to the Participant under the Plan except as
         expressly provided in the Plan and his or her Plan Agreement.

                                       12

16.4     Nonassignability. Neither the Participant nor any other person shall
         have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate,
         mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate, alienate or
         convey in advance of actual receipt, the amounts, if any, payable
         hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are
         expressly declared to be, unassignable and non-transferable. No part of
         the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment be subject to
         seizure, attachment, garnishment or sequestration for the payment of
         any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance allowed by the
         Participant or any other person, be transferable by operation of law in
         the event of the Participant's or any other person's bankruptcy or
         insolvency or be transferable to a spouse as a result of a property
         settlement or otherwise.

16.5     Not a Contract of Employment. The terms and conditions of this Plan
         shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any
         Employer and the Participant. Such employment is hereby acknowledged to
         be an "at will" employment relationship that can be terminated at any
         time for any reason, or no reason, with or without cause, and with or
         without notice, unless expressly provided in a written employment
         agreement. Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed to give a Participant
         the right to be retained in the service of any Employer or to interfere
         with the right of any Employer to discipline or discharge the
         Participant at any time.

16.6     Furnishing Information. The Participant or his or her Beneficiary will
         cooperate with the Committee by furnishing any and all information
         requested by the Committee and take such other actions as may be
         requested in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan and the
         payments of benefits hereunder, including but not limited to, taking
         such physical examinations as the Committee may deem necessary.

16.7     Terms. Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine, they shall
         be construed as though they were in the feminine in all cases where
         they would so apply; and whenever any words are used herein in the
         singular or in the plural, they shall be construed as though they were
         used in the plural or the singular, as the case may be, in all cases
         where they would so apply.

16.8     Captions. The captions of the articles, sections and paragraphs of this
         Plan are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the
         meaning or construction of any of its provisions.

16.9     Governing Law. Subject to ERISA, the provisions of this Plan shall be
         construed and interpreted according to the internal laws of the State
         of Idaho without regard to its conflicts of laws and principles.

16.10    Notice. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the
         Committee shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent
         by registered or certified mail, to the address below.

         Director of Human Resources
         FirstBank Northwest
         920 Main Street
         Lewiston, Idaho 83501

                                       13

Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if
         delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the
         receipt for registration or certification. Any notice or filing
         required or permitted to be given to the Participant under this Plan
         shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by mail,
         to the last known address of the Participant.

16.11    Successors. The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the
         benefit of the Participant's Employer and its successors and assigns
         and the Participant and the Participant's designated Beneficiaries.

16.12    Spouse's Interest. The interest in the benefits hereunder of a spouse
         of a Participant who has predeceased the Participant shall
         automatically pass to the Participant and shall not be transferable by
         such spouse in any manner, including, but not limited to, such spouse's
         will, nor shall such interest pass under the laws of intestate
         succession.

16.13    Validity. In case any provision of the Plan shall be illegal or invalid
         for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the
         remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be constructed and enforced
         as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein.

16.14    Incompetent. If the Committee determines in its discretion a benefit
         under this Plan is to be paid to a minor, a person declared incompetent
         or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of that person's
         property, the Committee may direct payment of such benefit to the
         guardian, legal representative or person having the care and custody of
         such minor, incompetent or incapable person. The Committee may require
         proof of minority, incompetence, incapacity or guardianship, as it may
         deem appropriate prior to distribution of the benefit. Any payment of a
         benefit shall be a payment for the account of the Participant and the
         Participant's Beneficiary, as the case may be, and shall be a complete
         discharge of any liability under the Plan for such payment amount

16.15    Court Order. The Committee is authorized to make any payments directed
         by court order in any action in which the Plan or the Committee has
         been named as a party. In addition, if a court determines that a spouse
         or former spouse of a Participant has an interest in the Participant's
         benefits under the Plan in connection with a property settlement or
         otherwise, the Committee, in its sole discretion shall have the right,
         notwithstanding any election made by a Participant, to immediately
         distribute the spouse's or former spouse's interest in the
         Participant's benefits under the Plan to that spouse or former spouse.

                                       14

16.16    Distribution in the Event of Taxation.

         (a)      In General. If, for any reason, all or any portion of the
                  Participant's benefits under this Plan becomes taxable the
                  Participant prior to receipt, a Participant may petition the
                  Committee for a distribution of that portion of his or her
                  benefit that has become taxable. Upon the grant of such a
                  petition, the Employer shall distribute to the Participant
                  immediately available funds in an amount equal to the taxable
                  portion of his or her benefit. If the petition is granted, the
                  tax liability distribution shall be made within 90 days of the
                  date when the Participant's petition is granted. Such a
                  distribution shall affect and reduce the benefits to be paid
                  under this Plan.

         (b)      Trust. If the Trust terminates and benefits are distributed
                  from the Trust to a Participant in accordance therewith, the
                  Participant's benefits under this Plan shall be reduced to the
                  extent of such distributions.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has signed this Plan document as of December
20, 2001.

                                               FirstBank Northwest

/s/ CLYDE E. CONKLIN
                                               ---------------------------
                                               Clyde E. Conklin
                                               Chief Executive Officer

                                       15

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 7
 ex10_9.txt
 EXHIBIT 10.9
 
                                  EXHIBIT 10.9
                                  ------------

FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST
                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST
                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

                                     Purpose
                                     -------

         The purpose of this Plan is to provide specified benefits to a select
group of management and highly compensated employees, and to directors, who
contribute materially to the continued growth, development and future business
success of FirstBank Northwest, and any other subsidiaries, if any, that sponsor
this Plan. This Plan shall be unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of
Title I of ERISA. The Effective Date of the Plan shall be December 20, 2001.

                                    ARTICLE I
                                   Definitions
                                   -----------

For purposes of this Plan, unless otherwise clearly apparent from the context,
the following phrases or terms shall have the following indicated meanings:

         "Annual Deferral Amount" shall mean that portion of a Participant's
         Base Annual Salary or Director's Compensation, that the Participant
         elects to have deferred in accordance with Article 3, for any one Plan
         Year. In the event of a Participant's Retirement, death or a
         Termination of Employment prior to the end of a Plan Year, such year's
         Annual Deferral Amount shall be the actual amount withheld prior to
         such event.

         "Base Annual Salary" shall mean the annual cash compensation relating
         to services performed by an Employee during any calendar year, whether
         or not paid in such calendar year or included on the Federal Income Tax
         Form W-2 for such calendar year, excluding bonuses, commissions,
         overtime, fringe benefits, stock options, relocation expenses,
         incentive payments, non-monetary awards, and other fees, automobile and
         other allowances paid to a Participant for employment services rendered
         (whether or not such allowances are included in the Employee's gross
         income).

         "Beneficiary" shall mean one or more persons, estates or other
         entities, designated in accordance with Article 9, that are entitled to
         receive benefits under this Plan upon the death of a Participant.

         "Beneficiary Designation Form" shall mean the form established from
         time to time by the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and
         returns to the Committee to designate one or more Beneficiaries.

         "Board" shall mean the board of directors of the Employer.

         "Claimant" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.1.

         "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code 1986, as it may be amended
         from time to time.

         "Committee" shall mean the committee described in Article 12. If no
         Committee is appointed, references thereto shall apply to the Employer
         or its delegate appointed for purposes of administering this Plan.

                                       2

"Deferral Account" or "Account Balance" shall mean (i) a sum of all of
         a Participant's Annual Deferral Amounts, (ii) amounts credited in
         accordance with all the applicable crediting provisions of this Plan,
         less (iii) all distributions made to the Participant or his or her
         Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan that relate to his or her Deferral
         Account. The Deferral Account shall be a bookkeeping entry only and
         shall be utilized solely as a device for the measurement and
         determination of the amounts to be paid to a Participant, or his or her
         designated Beneficiary, pursuant to this Plan.

         "Director" shall mean a member of the board of directors of an
         Employer.

         "Director's Compensation" shall mean fees and other compensation
         payable for services as a Director.

         "Election Form" shall mean the form established from time to time by
         the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and returns to the
         Committee to make an election under the Plan.

         "Employee" shall mean a person who is classified as an employee of any
         Employer.

         "Employer" shall mean FirstBank Northwest and any other subsidiaries,
         if any, that have been selected by the Board to participate in the Plan
         and have adopted the Plan as a sponsor.

         "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
         as it may be amended from time to time.

         "Monthly Installment Method" shall be a monthly installment payment
         over the applicable number of months determined in accordance with this
         Plan, calculated as follows: The monthly installment shall be
         calculated by multiplying the Account balance by a fraction, the
         numerator of which is one, and the denominator of which is the
         remaining number of monthly payments due the Participant or
         Beneficiary. By way of example, if the Participant receives benefits
         over 60 months, the payment shall be 1/60 of the Account Balance as of
         the last day of the preceding month. The following month, the payment
         shall be 1/59 of the Account Balance, calculated as described in this
         definition. Each monthly installment shall be paid on or as soon as
         practicable after the last business day of the applicable month.

         "Participant" shall mean any Employee or Director (i) who is selected
         to participate in the Plan, (ii) who elects to participate in the Plan,
         (iii) who signs a Plan Agreement and an Election Form, (iv) whose
         signed Plan Agreement, Election Form and Beneficiary Designation Form
         are accepted by the Committee, (v) who commences participation in the
         Plan, and (vi) whose Plan Agreement has not terminated. A spouse or
         former spouse of a Participant shall not be treated as a Participant in
         the Plan or have an Account Balance under the Plan, even if he or she
         has an interest in the Participant's benefits under the Plan as a
         result of applicable law or property settlements resulting from legal
         separation or divorce.

                                       3

"Plan" shall mean this Deferred Compensation Plan, which shall be
         evidenced by this instrument and by each Plan Agreement, as they may be
         amended from time to time.

         "Plan Agreement" shall mean a written agreement, as may be amended from
         time to time, which is entered into by and between an Employer and a
         Participant. Should there be more than one Plan Agreement, the Plan
         Agreement bearing the latest date of acceptance by the Employer shall
         supersede all previous Plan Agreements in their entirety and shall
         govern such entitlement. The terms of any Plan Agreement may be
         different for any Participant, and any Plan Agreement may provide
         additional benefits not set forth in the Plan or limit the benefits
         otherwise provided under the Plan; provided, however, that any such
         additional benefits or benefit limitations must be agreed to by both
         the Employer and the Participant.

         "Plan Year" shall mean the calendar year.

         "Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit" shall mean the benefit set forth in
         Article 6.

         "Retirement", "Retire(s)" or "Retired" shall mean severance from
         employment (or in the case of a Director, cessation from all
         directorship services) from all Employers for any reason other than a
         leave of absence or death on or after the earlier of the attainment of
         (a) age sixty-five (65) or (b) age fifty-five (55) with ten (10) Years
         of Service.

         "Termination for Cause" shall mean the severing of the employment (or
         director services, in the case of a Director) with the Employer on
         account of "cause", as that term (or a similar term) is defined in the
         Participant's employment contract with the Employer. If no such
         employment contract is in effect, "cause" shall mean (1) gross
         negligence or gross neglect of duties; (2) commission of a felony or
         gross misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; (3) fraud, disloyalty or
         willful violation of any law or significant Employer policy committed
         in connection with the Participant's employment and resulting in an
         adverse effect on the Employer; or (4) within the employment with the
         Employer, accepting additional employment with a competing institution.

         "Termination of Employment" shall mean the severing of employment with
         the Employer voluntarily or involuntarily, for any reason other than
         Retirement, death or an authorized leave of absence, other than on
         account of Termination for Cause. With respect to a Director, the term
         "Termination of Employment" shall mean the complete cessation of all
         directorships from all Employers.

         "Trust" shall mean one or more trusts established pursuant to a Trust
         Agreement, between the Employer and the trustee named therein, as
         amended from time to time.

ARTICLE 2
                       Selection, Enrollment, Eligibility
                       ----------------------------------

2.1      Selection by Committee. Participation in the Plan shall be limited to a
         select group of management and highly compensated employees, and
         Directors, who are selected by the Committee in its sole discretion
         from time to time to participate herein.

2.2      Enrollment Requirements. As a condition to participation, each selected
         Employee or Director shall complete, execute and return to the
         Committee a Plan Agreement, an Election Form and a Beneficiary
         Designation Form. In addition, the Committee shall establish from time
         to time such other enrollment requirements as it determines in its sole
         discretion are necessary or appropriate.

                                       4

2.3      Eligibility; Commencement of Participation. Provided an Employee or
         Director selected to participate in the Plan has met all enrollment
         requirements set forth in this Plan and required by the Committee,
         including returning all required documents to the Committee within the
         specified time period, that Employee or Director shall commence
         participation in the Plan on the first day of the month following the
         month in which the Employee or Director completes all enrollment
         requirements.

2.4      Termination of Participation and/or Deferrals. If the Committee
         determines in good faith that a Participant no longer qualifies as a
         member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees,
         as membership in such group is determined in accordance with Sections
         201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA, or is no longer a Director,
         the Committee shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to (i)
         terminate any deferral election the Participant has made for the
         remainder of the Plan Year in which the Participant's membership status
         changes, (ii) prevent the Participant from making future deferral
         elections, and/or (iii) immediately distribute the Participant's then
         Account Balance as a Termination Benefit and terminate the
         Participant's participation in the Plan.

ARTICLE 3
                             Deferral Contributions
                             ----------------------

3.1      Compensation Deferrals. For each Plan Year, a Participant may elect to
         defer, as his or her Annual Deferral Amount, such portion of his Base
         Annual Salary or Director's Compensation as is set forth in the
         Participant's Election Form with respect to the Plan Year. The election
         shall be irrevocable with respect to compensation covered by the
         election until the end of the Plan Year. If no election is made, the
         amount deferred shall be zero. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a
         Participant first becomes a Participant after the first day of a Plan
         Year, the maximum Annual Deferral Amount shall be limited to the amount
         of compensation not yet earned by the Participant as of the date the
         Participant submits a Plan Agreement and Election Form to the Committee
         for acceptance.

3.2      Election to Defer; Effect of Election Form; Suspension.

         (a)      First Plan Year. In connection with a Participant's
                  commencement of participation in the Plan, the Participant
                  shall make an irrevocable election regarding his Annual
                  Deferral Amount for the Plan Year in which the Participant
                  commences participation in the Plan, along with such other
                  elections as the Committee deems necessary or desirable under
                  the Plan. For these elections to be valid, the Election Form
                  must be completed and signed by the Participant, delivered to
                  the Committee and accepted by the Committee.

         (b)      Subsequent Plan Years. For each succeeding Plan Year, the
                  Participant shall make an irrevocable election regarding his
                  Annual Deferral Amount for that Plan Year, and such other
                  elections as the Committee deems necessary or desirable under
                  the Plan. Such election shall be made before the end of the
                  Plan Year preceding the Plan Year for which the election is
                  made, by means of a new Election Form or by such other
                  procedure as determined by the Committee. If no such Election
                  Form is timely delivered (or is applicable) for a Plan Year,
                  the Annual Deferral Amount shall be zero for that Plan Year.

                                       5

(c)      Suspension of Election. A Participant may suspend an election
                  to defer compensation for the remainder of the Plan Year by
                  filing with the Committee a written notice of the suspension,
                  which election will become effective as of the next payroll
                  period.

3.3      Withholding of Annual Deferral Amounts. For each Plan Year, the Annual
         Deferral Amount elected by an Employee shall be withheld from each
         regularly scheduled Base Annual Salary payroll in equal amounts, as
         adjusted from time to time for increases and decreases in Base Annual
         Salary. The Director's Compensation portion of the Annual Deferral
         Amount shall be withheld at the time the Director's Compensation is
         paid to the Participant, whether or not this occurs during the Plan
         Year.

3.4      Investment of Trust Assets. The Trustee of the Trust shall be
         authorized, upon written instructions received from the Committee or
         investment manager appointed by the Committee, to invest and reinvest
         the assets of the Trust in accordance with the applicable Trust
         Agreement.

3.5      Vesting. A Participant shall at all times be 100% vested in his or her
         Account Balance.

3.6      Crediting of Account Balances. As of the end of the each Plan Year, and
         more frequently as determined by the Committee, each Participant's
         Account Balance shall be credited with an interest factor. The interest
         factor for any period shall be preliminarily determined by the
         Committee and submitted to the Board for approval or revision. The
         interest crediting factor approved by the Board shall be communicated
         to Participants as soon as practicable thereafter.

3.7      FICA and Other Taxes. For each Plan Year in which an Annual Deferral
         Amount is being withheld from a Participant that is an Employee, the
         Employer shall withhold from that portion of the Participant's Base
         Annual Salary that is not being deferred in a manner determined by the
         Employer, the Participant's share of FICA and other employment taxes on
         such Annual Deferral Amount. The Committee may reduce the Annual
         Deferral Amount in order to comply with this Section 3.7 if it
         determines that such action is necessary or appropriate. The Employer
         shall not be obligated to withhold FICA or other taxes for Annual
         Deferral Amounts related to Director Compensation, except as may be
         required by law.

3.8      Distributions. The Participant's Employer, or the trustee of the Trust,
         shall withhold from any payments made to a Participant under this Plan
         all federal, state and local income, employment and other taxes
         required to be withheld by the Employer, or the trustee of the Trust,
         in connection with such payments, in amounts and in a manner to be
         determined in the sole discretion of the Employer and the trustee of
         the Trust.

ARTICLE 4
                                     Funding
                                     -------

4.1      Funding Generally. The Employer's obligations under this Plan shall be
         an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay. The Employer shall not be
         obligated under any circumstances to fund in advance its obligations
         under this Plan, and when the benefit amount is paid it shall be
         expensed out of the Employer's general assets.

                                       6

4.2      Option to Fund Informally. Notwithstanding Section 4.1, the Employer
         may, at its sole option, or by agreement, informally fund its
         obligations under this Plan in whole or in part, provided, however,
         that in no event shall such informal funding be construed to create any
         trust fund, escrow account or other security for the Participant with
         respect to the payment of benefit under this Plan, other than as
         permitted by Internal Revenue Service and Department of Labor rules and
         regulations for unfunded supplemental retirement plans. Furthermore, if
         the Employer decides to informally fund its obligations under this
         Plan, in whole or in part, by procuring, as owner, life insurance for
         its own benefit on the life of the Participant, the form of such
         insurance and the amounts thereof shall be in the sole decision of the
         Employer, and in no event shall the Participant have any incidents of
         ownership in any such policies of insurance.

ARTICLE 5
                               Retirement Benefit
                               ------------------

5.1      Retirement Benefit. Subject to Article 8, a Participant who Retires
         shall receive as a Retirement Benefit his or her Account Balance.

5.2      Payment of Retirement Benefit. A Participant who has Retired shall
         receive distribution of all amounts payable to him under this paragraph
         in Monthly Installments over a period equal to the number of months
         selected by the Participant, but not less than 60. The installment
         payments shall commence no later than 60 days after the date the
         Participant Retires.

5.3      Death Prior to Completion of Retirement Benefit. If a Participant dies
         after Retirement but before the Retirement Benefit is paid in full, the
         Participant's unpaid Retirement Benefit payments shall continue and
         shall be paid to the Participant's Beneficiary over the remaining
         number of months and in the same amounts as that benefit would have
         been paid to the Participant had the Participant survived.

ARTICLE 6
                         Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit
                         -------------------------------

6.1      Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit. Subject to Article 8, If the
         Participant dies before he or she Retires or experiences a Termination
         of Employment, the Participant's Beneficiary shall receive a
         Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit equal to the Participant's Account
         Balance.

6.2      Payment of Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit. The Beneficiary shall
         receive distribution of all amounts payable to him under this paragraph
         in Monthly Installments over a period equal to the number of months
         during which the Participant contributed Annual Deferral Amounts under
         the Plan. The installment payments shall commence no later than 60 days
         after the date the Committee is provided with proof that is
         satisfactory to the Committee of the Participant's death.

6.3      Additional Survivor Benefit. The Employer may, but is not required to,
         provide an additional survivor benefit to the Participant's
         Beneficiary. The amount of the additional survivor benefit, if any,
         shall be determined by the Employer and communicated to the Participant

                                       7

in writing, with the last such writing being used to determine the
         additional survivor benefit to be paid. In the absence of such a
         writing, or the revocation of all such writings, it shall be
         conclusively presumed that no additional survivor benefit is to be
         provided with respect to such Participant. Such additional survivor
         benefit shall either be paid to the Beneficiary in a single lump sum,
         or added to the Participant's Account Balance, as determined by the
         Committee in its sole discretion.

ARTICLE 7
                               Termination Benefit
                               -------------------

7.1      Termination Benefit. Subject to Article 8, if a Participant experiences
         a Termination of Employment prior to his or her Retirement or death,
         the Participant shall receive a Termination Benefit equal to the
         Participant's Account Balance.

7.2      Payment of Termination Benefit. The Participant shall receive
         distribution of all amounts payable to him under this paragraph in
         Monthly Installments over a period equal to the number of months during
         which the Participant contributed Annual Deferral Amounts under the
         Plan. The installment payments shall commence no later than 60 days
         after the date of the Participant's Termination of Employment. Should
         the Participant die prior to the payment of his entire Account Balance,
         the provisions of Section 5.3 shall apply.

ARTICLE 8
                     Forfeiture of or Limitation on Benefits
                     ---------------------------------------

8.1      Termination for Cause. Upon a Participant's Termination for Cause, his
         Account Balance shall be reduced by the cumulative amount of interest
         credited to his Annual Deferral Amounts.

8.2      Regulatory Provisions. No further benefits shall be paid to a
         Participant under this Plan for so long as required under the following
         circumstances:

         (a)      Temporary Suspension or Prohibition. If the Participant is
         suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from participating in the
         conduct of the Employer's affairs by a notice served under Section
         8(e)(3) or (g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA"), 12
         U.S.C. ss. 1818(e)(3) and (g)(1), the Employer's obligations under this
         Plan shall be suspended as of the date of service, unless stayed by
         appropriate proceedings. If the charges in the notice are dismissed,
         the Employer may in its discretion (i) pay the Participant all or part
         of the compensation withheld while its obligations under this Plan were
         suspended and (ii) reinstate in whole or in part any of its obligations
         which were suspended.

         (b)      Permanent Suspension or Prohibition. If the Participant is
         removed and/or permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct
         of the Employer's affairs by an order issued under Section 8(e)(4) or
         (g)(1) of the FDIA, 12 U.S.C. ss. 1818(e)(4) and (g)(1), all
         obligations of the Employer under this Plan shall terminate as of the
         effective date of the order, but vested rights of the contracting
         parties shall not be affected.

                                       8

(c)      Default. If the Employer is in default (as defined in Section
         3(x)(1) of the FDIA), all obligations under this Plan shall terminate
         as of the date of default, but this provision shall not affect any
         vested rights of the contracting parties.

         (d)      Termination by Regulators. All obligations under this Plan
         shall be terminated, except to the extent determined that continuation
         of this Plan is necessary for the continued operation of the Employer:
         (i) at the time the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC")
         enters into an agreement to provide assistance to or on behalf of the
         Employer under the authority contained in Section 13(c) of the FDIA; or
         (ii) by the FDIC at the time it approves a supervisory merger to
         resolve problems related to operation of the Employer. Any rights of
         the parties that have already vested, however, shall not be affected by
         any such action.

         (e)      Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (1) any
         payments made hereunder shall be subject to and conditioned upon
         compliance with 12 USC Section 1828(k) and any regulations promulgated
         thereunder, and (2) payments contemplated hereunder shall not be
         immediately payable to the extent such payments are barred or
         prohibited by an action or order issued by the Director of Banks of the
         Washington Department of Financial Institutions, or the FDIC.

ARTICLE 9
                             Beneficiary Designation
                             -----------------------

9.1      Beneficiary. Each Participant shall have the right, at any time, to
         designate his or her Beneficiary(ies) (both primary as well as
         contingent) to receive any benefits payable under the Plan to a
         beneficiary upon the death of a Participant. The Beneficiary designated
         under this Plan may be the same as or different from the Beneficiary
         designated under any other plan of an Employer in which the Participant
         participates.

9.2      Beneficiary Designation: Change; Spousal Consent. A Participant shall
         designate his or her Beneficiary by completing and signing the
         Beneficiary Designation Form and returning it to the Committee or its
         designated agent. A Participant shall have the right to change a
         Beneficiary by completing, signing and otherwise complying with the
         terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Committee's rules and
         procedures, as in effect from time to time. If the Participant names
         someone other than his or her spouse as a Beneficiary, a spousal
         consent, in the form designated by the Committee, must be signed by
         that Participant's spouse and returned to the Committee. Upon the
         acceptance by the Committee of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all
         Beneficiary designations previously filed shall be canceled. The
         Committee shall be entitled to rely on the last Beneficiary Designation
         Form filed by the Participant and accepted by the Committee prior to
         his or her death.

9.3      Acknowledgment. No designation or change in designation of a
         Beneficiary shall be effective until received and acknowledged in
         writing by the Committee or its designated agent.

9.4      No Beneficiary Designation. If a Participant fails to designate a
         Beneficiary as provided in Sections 9.1, 9.2 and 9.3 above or, if all
         designated Beneficiaries predecease the Participant or die prior to
         complete distribution of the Participant's benefits, then the
         Participant's designated Beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her

                                       9

surviving spouse. If the Participant has no surviving spouse, the
         benefits remaining under the Plan to be paid to a Beneficiary shall be
         payable to the executor or personal representative of the Participant's
         estate.

9.5      Doubt as to Beneficiary. If the Committee has any doubt as to the
         proper Beneficiary to receive payments pursuant to this Plan, the
         Committee shall have the right, exercisable in its discretion, to cause
         the Participant's Employer to withhold such payments until this matter
         is resolved to the Committee's satisfaction.

9.6      Discharge of Obligations. The payment of benefits under the Plan to a
         Beneficiary shall fully and completely discharge all Employers and the
         Committee from all further obligations under this Plan with respect to
         the Participant, and that Participant's Plan Agreement shall terminate
         upon such full payment of benefits.

ARTICLE 10
                                Leave of Absence
                                ----------------

10.1     Paid Leave of Absence. If a Participant is authorized by the Employer
         for any reason to take a paid leave of absence from the employment of
         the Employer, the Participant shall continue to be considered employed
         by the Employer and the Annual Deferral Amount shall continue to be
         withheld during such paid leave of absence in accordance with Section
         3.3.

10.2     Unpaid Leave of Absence. If a Participant is authorized by the Employer
         for any reason to take an unpaid leave of absence from the employment
         of the Employer, the Participant shall continue to be considered
         employed by the Employer and the Participant shall be excused from
         making deferrals until the earlier of the date the leave of absence
         expires or the Participant returns to a paid employment status. Upon
         such expiration or return, deferrals shall resume for the remaining
         portion of the Plan Year in which the expiration or return occurs,
         based on the deferral election, if any, made for that Plan Year. If no
         election was made for that Plan Year, no deferral shall be withheld.

ARTICLE 11
                     Termination, Amendment or Modification
                     --------------------------------------

11.1     Termination. Although the Employer anticipates that it will continue
         the Plan for an indefinite period of time, there is no guarantee that
         the Employer will continue the Plan or will not terminate the Plan at
         any time in the future. Accordingly, the Employer reserves the right to
         terminate the Plan by action of its board of directors. Upon the
         termination of the Plan, the Plan Agreements of the affected
         Participants shall terminate and their Account Balances, determined as
         if they had experienced a Termination of Employment on the date of Plan
         termination or, if Plan termination occurs after the date upon which a
         Participant was eligible to Retire, then with respect to that
         Participant as if he or she had Retired on the date of Plan
         termination, shall be paid to the Participants in a lump sum or
         pursuant to a Monthly Installment Method of up to 60 months, with
         amounts credited and debited during the installment period as provided
         herein. The termination of the Plan shall not adversely affect any
         Participant or Beneficiary who has become entitled to the payment of
         any benefits under the Plan as of the date of termination; provided,
         however, that the Employer shall have the right to accelerate

                                       10

installment payments without a premium or prepayment penalty by paying
         the Account Balance in a lump sum or pursuant to a Monthly Installment
         Method using fewer months.

11.2     Amendment. Any Employer may, at any time, amend or modify the Plan in
         whole or in part by the action of its board of directors; provided,
         however, that no amendment or modification shall be effective to
         decrease or restrict the value of a Participant's Account Balance in
         existence at the time the amendment or modification is made, calculated
         as if the Participant had experienced a Termination of Employment as of
         the effective date of the amendment or modification or, if the
         amendment or modification occurs after the date upon which the
         Participant was eligible to Retire, the Participant had Retired as of
         the effective date of the amendment or modification. The amendment or
         modification of the Plan shall not affect any Participant or
         Beneficiary who has become entitled to the payment of benefits under
         the Plan as of the date of the amendment or modification; provided,
         however, that the Employer shall have the right to accelerate
         installment payments by paying the Account Balance in a lump sum or
         pursuant to a Monthly Installment Method using fewer months.

11.3     Plan Agreement. Despite the provisions of Sections 11. 1 and 11.2
         above, if a Participant's Plan Agreement contains benefits or
         limitations that are not in this Plan document, the Employer may only
         amend or terminate such provisions with the consent of the Participant.

11.4     Effect of Payment. The full payment of the applicable benefit under
         Articles 4, 5, 6, 7 or 8 of the Plan shall completely discharge all
         obligations to a Participant and his or her designated Beneficiaries
         under this Plan and the Participant's Plan Agreement shall terminate.

                                   ARTICLE 12
                                 Administration
                                 --------------

12.1     Committee Duties. This Plan shall be administered by a Committee which
         shall consist of the Board, or such committee as the Board shall
         appoint. Members of the Committee may be Participants under this Plan.
         The Committee shall also have the discretion and authority to (i) make,
         amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for
         the administration of this Plan and (ii) decide or resolve any and all
         questions including interpretations of this Plan, as may arise in
         connection with the Plan. Any individual on the Committee who is a
         Participant shall not vote or act on any matter relating solely to
         himself or herself. When making a determination or calculation, the
         Committee shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by a
         Participant or the Employer.

12.2     Agents. In the administration of this Plan, the Committee may, from
         time to time, employ agents and delegate to them such administrative
         duties as it sees fit (including acting through a duly appointed
         representative) and may from time to time consult with counsel who may
         be counsel to any Employer.

12.3     Binding Effect of Decisions. The decision or action of the Committee
         with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the
         administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the
         rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final and
         conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the
         Plan.

                                       11

12.4     Indemnity of Committee. All Employers shall indemnify and hold harmless
         the members of the Committee, and any Employee to whom the duties of
         the Committee may be delegated, against any and all claims, losses,
         damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or failure to
         act with respect to this Plan, except in the case of misconduct by the
         Committee or any of its members or any such Employee.

12.5     Employer Information. To enable the Committee to perform its functions,
         each Employer shall supply full and timely information to the Committee
         on all relating to the compensation of its Participants, the date and
         circumstances of the Retirement Disability, death or Termination of
         Employment of its Participants, and such other pertinent information as
         the Committee may reasonably require.

ARTICLE 13
                          Other Benefits and Agreements
                          -----------------------------

The benefits provided for a Participant or a Participant's Beneficiary under the
Plan are in addition to any other benefits available to such Participant under
any other plan or program for employees of the Participant's Employer. The Plan
shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify or amend any other such plan or
program except as may otherwise be expressly provided.

ARTICLE 14
                                Claims Procedures
                                -----------------

14.1     Presentation of Claim. Any Participant or Beneficiary of a deceased
         Participant (such Participant or Beneficiary being referred to below as
         a "Claimant") may deliver to the Committee a written claim for a
         determination with respect to the amounts distributable to such
         Claimant from the Plan. If such a claim relates to the contents of a
         notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within 60 days
         after such notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must
         be made within 180 days of the date on which the event that caused the
         claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the
         determination desired by the Claimant.

14.2     Notification of Decision. The Committee shall consider a Claimants
         claim within a reasonable time, and shall notify the Claimant in
         writing:

         (a)      that the Claimant's requested determination has been made, and
                  that the claim has been allowed in full; or

         (b)      that the Committee has reached a conclusion contrary, in whole
                  or in part, to the Claimant's requested determination, and
                  such notice must set forth in a manner calculated to be
                  understood by the Claimant:

         (i)      the specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim, or any
                  part of it;

         (ii)     specific reference(s) to pertinent provisions of the Plan upon
                  which such denial was based;

         (iii)    a description of any additional material or information
                  necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim, and an
                  explanation of why such material or information is necessary;
                  and

                                       12

(iv)     an explanation of the claim review procedure set forth in
                  Section 14.3 below.

14.3     Review of a Denied Claim. With 60 days after receiving a notice from
         the Committee that a claim has been denied, in whole or in part, a
         Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized representative) may file
         with the Committee a written request for a review of the denial of the
         claim. Thereafter, but not later than 30 days after the review
         procedure began, the Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized
         representative):

         (a)      may review pertinent documents;

         (b)      may submit written comments or other documents; and/or

         (c)      may request a hearing, which the Committee, in its sole
                  discretion, may grant.

14.4     Decision on Review. The Committee shall render its decision on review
         promptly, and not later than 60 days after the filing of a written
         request for review of the denial, unless a hearing is held or other
         special circumstances require additional time, in which case the
         Committee's decision must be rendered within 120 days after such date.
         Such decision must be written in a manner calculated to be understood
         by the Claimant, and it must contain:

         (a)      specific reasons for the decision;

         (b)      specific reference(s) to the pertinent Plan provisions upon
                  which the decision was based; and

         (c)      such other matters as the Committee deems relevant.

14.5     Legal Action. A Claimant's compliance with the foregoing provisions of
         this Article 14 is a mandatory prerequisite to a Claimant's right to
         commence any legal action with respect to any claim for benefits under
         this Plan.

ARTICLE 15
                                      Trust
                                      -----

15.1     Establishment of the Trust. The Employer may establish the Trust and
         the Employer shall, at each pay period, transfer over to the Trust such
         amount of cash as the Employer is required to contribute.

15.2     Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust. The provisions of the Plan
         and the Plan Agreement shall govern the rights of a Participant to
         receive distributions pursuant to the Plan. The provisions of the Trust
         shall govern the rights of the Employer and its Affiliates, the
         Participant and the creditors of the Employers to the assets
         transferred to the Trust. The Employer shall at all times remain liable
         to carry out its obligations under the Plan.

15.3     Distributions From the Trust. Each Employer's obligations under the
         Plan may be satisfied with Trust assets distributed pursuant to the
         terms of the Trust and any such distribution shall reduce the
         Employer's obligations under this Plan.

                                       13

ARTICLE 16
                                  Miscellaneous
                                  -------------

16.1     Status of Plan. The Plan is intended to be a plan that is not qualified
         within the meaning of Code Section 401(a) and that "is unfunded and is
         maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing
         deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly
         compensated employees" within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2),
         301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1). The Plan shall be administered and interpreted
         to the extent possible in a manner consistent with that intent.

16.2     Unsecured General Creditor. Participants and their Beneficiaries,
         heirs, successors and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights,
         interests or claims in any property or assets of an Employer. For
         purposes of the payment of benefits under this Plan, any and all of an
         Employer's assets shall be, and remain the general, unpledged and
         unrestricted assets of the Employer. An Employer's obligation under the
         Plan shall be merely of an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money
         in the future.

16.3     Employer's Liability. An Employer's liability for the payment of
         benefits shall be defined only by the Plan and the Plan Agreement as
         entered into between the Employer and a Participant. An Employer shall
         have no obligation to a Participant under the Plan except as expressly
         provided in the Plan and his or her Plan Agreement.

16.4     Nonassignability. Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have
         any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate,
         mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate, alienate or
         convey in advance of actual receipt, the amounts, if any, payable
         hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are
         expressly declared to be, unassignable and non-transferable. No part of
         the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment be subject to
         seizure, attachment, garnishment or sequestration for the payment of
         any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance allowed by a
         Participant or any other person, be transferable by operation of law in
         the event of a Participant's or any other person's bankruptcy or
         insolvency or be transferable to a spouse as a result of a property
         settlement or otherwise.

16.5     Not a Contract of Employment. The terms and conditions of this Plan
         shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any
         Employer and the Participant. Such employment is hereby acknowledged to
         be an "at will" employment relationship that can be terminated at any
         time for any reason, or no reason, with or without cause, and with or
         without notice, unless expressly provided in a written employment
         agreement. Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed to give a Participant
         the right to be retained in the service of any Employer or to interfere
         with the right of any Employer to discipline or discharge the
         Participant at any time.

16.6     Furnishing Information. A Participant or his or her Beneficiary will
         cooperate with the Committee by furnishing any and all information
         requested by the Committee and take such other actions as may be
         requested in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan and the
         payments of benefits hereunder, including but not limited to, taking
         such physical examinations as the Committee may deem necessary.

16.7     Terms. Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine, they shall
         be construed as though they were in the feminine in all cases where
         they would so apply; and whenever any words are used herein in the
         singular or in the plural, they shall be construed as though they were

                                       14

used in the plural or the singular, as the case may be, in all cases
         where they would so apply.

16.8     Captions. The captions of the articles, sections and paragraphs of this
         Plan are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the
         meaning or construction of any of its provisions.

16.9     Governing Law. Subject to ERISA, the provisions of this Plan shall be
         construed and interpreted according to the internal laws of the State
         of Idaho without regard to its conflicts of laws and principles.

16.10    Notice. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the
         Committee under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and
         hand-delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, to the address
         below.

         Director of Human Resources
         FirstBank Northwest
         920 Main Street
         Lewiston, Idaho 83501

         Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if
         delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the
         receipt for registration or certification. Any notice or filing
         required or permitted to be given to a Participant under this Plan
         shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by mail,
         to the last known address of the Participant.

16.11    Successors. The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the
         benefit of the Participant's Employer and its successors and assigns
         and the Participant and the Participant's designated Beneficiaries.

16.12    Spouse's Interest. The interest in the benefits hereunder of a spouse
         of a Participant who has predeceased the Participant shall
         automatically pass to the Participant and shall not be transferable by
         such spouse in any manner, including, but not limited to, such spouse's
         will, nor shall such interest pass under the laws of intestate
         succession.

16.13    Validity. In case any provision of this Plan shall be illegal or
         invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect
         the remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be constructed and
         enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been
         inserted herein.

16.14    Incompetent. If the Committee determines in its discretion a benefit
         under this Plan is to be paid to a minor, a person declared incompetent
         or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of that person's
         property, the Committee may direct payment of such benefit to the
         guardian, legal representative or person having the care and custody of
         such minor, incompetent or incapable person. The Committee may require
         proof of minority, incompetence, incapacity or guardianship, as it may
         deem appropriate prior to distribution of the benefit. Any payment of a
         benefit shall be a payment for the account of the Participant and the
         Participant's Beneficiary, as the case may be, and shall be a complete
         discharge of any liability under the Plan for such payment amount

                                       15

16.15    Court Order. The Committee is authorized to make any payments directed
         by court order in any action in which the Plan or the Committee has
         been named as a party. In addition, if a court determines that a spouse
         or former spouse of a Participant has an interest in the Participant's
         benefits under the Plan in connection with a property settlement or
         otherwise, the Committee, in its sole discretion shall have the right,
         notwithstanding any election made by a Participant, to immediately
         distribute the spouse's or former spouse's interest in the
         Participant's benefits under the Plan to that spouse or former spouse.

16.16    Distribution in the Event of Taxation.

         (a)      In General. If, for any reason, all or any portion of the
                  Participant's benefits under this Plan becomes taxable the
                  Participant prior to receipt, a Participant may petition the
                  Committee for a distribution of that portion of his or her
                  benefit that has become taxable. Upon the grant of such a
                  petition, the Employer shall distribute to the Participant
                  immediately available funds in an amount equal to the taxable
                  portion of his or her benefit. If the petition is granted, the
                  tax liability distribution shall be made within 90 days of the
                  date when the Participant's petition is granted. Such a
                  distribution shall affect and reduce the benefits to be paid
                  under this Plan.

         (b)      Trust. If the Trust terminates and benefits are distributed
                  from the Trust to a Participant in accordance therewith, the
                  Participant's benefits under this Plan shall be reduced to the
                  extent of such distributions.

16.17    Insurance. The Employers, on their own behalf or on behalf of the
         trustee of the Trust, and, in their sole discretion, may apply for and
         procure insurance on the life of the Participant, in such amounts and
         in such forms as they may choose. The Employers or the trustee of the
         Trust, as the case may be, shall be the sole owner and beneficiary of
         any such insurance. The Participant shall have no interest whatsoever
         in any such policy or policies, and at the request of the Employers
         shall submit to medical examinations and supply such information and
         execute such documents as may be required by the insurance company or
         companies to whom the Employers have applied for insurance.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has singed this Plan document as of
December 20, 2001.

                                              FirstBank Northwest

/s/ CLYDE E. CONKLIN
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Clyde E. Conklin
                                              Chief Executive Officer

                                       16

FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
                    PLAN AGREEMENT AND DEFERRAL ELECTION FORM

I.       PARTICIPANT INFORMATION

Name:                                                 DOB:
      -------------------------------------------          ------------------
Address:                                              SSN:
         ----------------------------------------          ------------------

         ----------------------------------------

         ----------------------------------------

II       AGREEMENT TO PARTICIPATE

         I acknowledge that I am eligible to participate in the Firstbank
         Northwest Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Plan") and agree to
         participate therein, subject to all of the terms and conditions of the
         Plan.

III      COMPENSATION DEFERRAL ELECTION FOR THE ____________ PLAN YEAR

         I agree to defer for the above-referenced year $_____________ or
         _____________% of my Base Annual Salary. Deferrals will be made in
         accordance with terms of the Plan and the payroll practices of the
         Bank.

In making this election, I acknowledge that (1) this election will apply to
amounts earned after this form is signed and returned to the Committee, and
shall apply to the applicable compensation paid to me for the remainder of the
Plan Year (in the case of the first Plan Year), or the entire Plan Year (for
subsequent years); (2) the election will take effect as soon as reasonably
possible; and (3) the election will remain in effect until revoked or modified,
subject to the terms of the Plan.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Participant has executed this Agreement, and
the Bank has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf,
all as of the date set forth above.

         Participant:                             Date:

            ----------------------------------           -----------------------

         Name:

FIRSTBANK NORTHWEST                      Date:

           By:
               -------------------------------           -----------------------

                                       17

</EX-10.9>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31_1.txt
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
                                  Exhibit 31.1

         Certification of Chief Executive Officer of FirstBank NW Corp.
            Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Clyde E. Conklin, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FirstBank NW
         Corp.;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
         registrant and have:

         (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
              disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
              supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
              registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
              to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
              period in which this report is being prepared;

         (b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
              controls and procedures and presented in this report our
              conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
              procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
              based on such evaluation;

         (c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
              control over financial reporting that occurred during the
              registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
              fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
              materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
              the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
         based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

         (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
              or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
              are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
              to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
              and

         (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
              other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
              internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ CLYDE E. CONKLIN
- ----------------------------
Clyde E. Conklin,
President and
Chief Executive Officer

Dated:  February 13, 2006

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex31_2.txt
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
                                  Exhibit 31.2

         Certification of Chief Financial Officer of FirstBank NW Corp.
            Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Larry K. Moxley, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FirstBank NW
         Corp.;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
         registrant and have:

         (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
              disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
              supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
              registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
              to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
              period in which this report is being prepared;

         (b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
              controls and procedures and presented in this report our
              conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
              procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
              based on such evaluation;

         (c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
              control over financial reporting that occurred during the
              registrant's most recent fiscal quarter ( the registrant's fourth
              fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
              materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
              the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
         based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

         (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
              or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
              are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
              to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
              and

         (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
              other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
              internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ LARRY K. MOXLEY
- --------------------------------
Larry K. Moxley,
Secretary and
Chief Financial Officer

Dated:  February 13, 2006

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex32_1.txt
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
                                  Exhibit 32.1

         Certification of Chief Executive Officer of FirstBank NW Corp.
    Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of
                         the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FirstBank
NW Corp. ("the Company") for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 (the "Report"),
I, Clyde E. Conklin, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     o    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) and
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and

o    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the Company's financial condition and results of
          operations.

/s/ CLYDE E. CONKLIN
- --------------------------------
Clyde E. Conklin,
Chief Executive Officer

Dated:  February 13, 2006

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex32_2.txt
 EXHIBIT 32.2
 
                                  Exhibit 32.2

         Certification of Chief Financial Officer of FirstBank NW Corp.
    Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of
                         the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FirstBank
NW Corp. ("the Company") for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 (the "Report"),
I, Larry K. Moxley, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     o    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) and
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and

o    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the Company's financial condition and results of
          operations.

/s/ LARRY K. MOXLEY
- -----------------------------
Larry K. Moxley,
Chief Financial Officer

Dated:  February 13, 2006

</EX-32.2>

