<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060331_10-K_edgar_data_315849_0000315849-06-000004_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>614108</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>503457</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1690</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>83</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000315849-06-000004.hdr.sgml : 20060331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060331170538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000315849-06-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000315849
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				581392259
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12053
		FILM NUMBER:		06729864

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 FIRST ST SE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 849
		CITY:			MOULTRIE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31768
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2299851120

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 FIRST STREET
		CITY:			MOULTRIE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31768

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 UkGkcuZ3EDpDPPqDGysvV1OkGWBAdAXKvVXB0oTtBrpvcimEIGKUEwjl2/0bAGzW
 S8JhUl/CtIGlAoiFaTPsWg==

 0000315849-06-000004.txt : 20060331

10-K
 1
 tenk05.txt
 FORM 10-K
 
                   U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
                           Washington, D. C.  20549

                                  Form 10-K

    [ X ]   Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
                             Exchange Act of 1934

                  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005

   [   ]   Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
                             Exchange Act of 1934

       For the transition period from ______________ to ______________.

                      Commission file number      1-12053

                    Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation
            (Exact Name of Corporation as specified in its charter)

          Georgia                                      58-1392259
(State or other jurisdiction of            (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

	201 First Street, S. E.
           Moultrie, Georgia                              31768
(Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)

     (Corporation's telephone number, including area code)   (229) 985-1120

         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of this Act:
Common Stock $1 Par Value                      American Stock Exchange
  (Title of each class)             (Name of each exchange on which registered)

       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes [   ]  No [X]

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes [   ]  No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [ X ]     No [     ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained in this form, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ X ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Act).

Large accelerated filer [ ]   Accelerated filer [ ]   Non-accelerated filer [X]

Aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
registrant as of June 30, 2005:  $47,600,257 based on 2,368,172 shares at
the price of $20.10 per share.

As of March 24, 2006, 4,267,680 shares of the $1.00 par value Common Stock
of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation were outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2006 annual
meeting of shareholders, to be filed with the Commission are incorporated by
reference into Part III.

SOUTHEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                 Form 10-K

                    For the year ended December 31, 2005

                                  CONTENTS

PART I
   Item 1.   Business
   Item 1A.  Risk Factors
   Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments
   Item 2.   Properties
   Item 3.   Legal Proceedings
   Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

PART II
   Item 5.   Market for Corporation's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
              Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
   Item 6.   Selected Financial Data
   Item 7.   Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
              Results of Operations
   Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
   Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
   Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
              Financial Disclosure
   Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures
   Item 9B.  Other Information

PART III
   Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Corporation
   Item 11.  Executive Compensation
   Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
              Related Stockholder Matters
   Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
   Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services

PART IV
   Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

-2-

PART I

Item 1.  Business

Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation (the "Corporation") is a Georgia
bank holding company organized in 1980, which, in 1981, acquired 100% of the
outstanding shares of Southwest Georgia Bank (the "Bank"), the Corporation's
state non-member bank subsidiary, formerly known as Moultrie National Bank.
The Bank commenced operations as a national banking association in 1928.
Currently, it is a FDIC insured, state-chartered bank.

The Corporation's primary business is providing banking services to
individuals and businesses principally in Colquitt County, Baker County,
Thomas County, Worth County, and the surrounding counties of southwest
Georgia through the Bank.  The Bank also operates Empire Financial Services,
Inc. ("Empire"), a commercial mortgage banking firm.  Effective February 27,
2004, the Corporation acquired and merged with First Bank Holding Company,
Inc. ("First Bank"), and its subsidiary bank, Sylvester Banking Company.
The Bank operates the former Sylvester Banking Company as a full service
branch of the Bank serving an area approximately 30 miles in radius from
Sylvester, Worth County, Georgia.

The Corporation's executive office is located at 201 First Street, S. E.,
Moultrie, Georgia 31768, and its telephone number is (229) 985-1120.

All references herein to the Corporation include Southwest Georgia Financial
Corporation, the Bank, and Empire, unless the context indicates a different
meaning.

General

The Corporation is a registered bank holding company.  All of the
Corporation's activities are currently conducted by the Bank and Empire.
The Bank is community-oriented and offers such customary banking services as
consumer and commercial checking accounts, NOW accounts, savings accounts,
certificates of deposit, lines of credit, Mastercard and VISA accounts, and
money transfers.  The Bank finances commercial and consumer transactions,
makes secured and unsecured loans, and provides a variety of other banking
services.  The Bank has a trust and investment division that performs
corporate, pension, and personal trust services and acts as trustee,
executor, and administrator for estates and as administrator or trustee of
various types of employee benefit plans for corporations and other
organizations.  Also, the trust and investment area has a securities sales
department which offers full service brokerage and operates under the
direction and the authority of Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.  The
Bank operates Southwest Georgia Insurance Services Division, an insurance
agency that offers property and casualty insurance, life, health, and
disability insurance.  Empire, a subsidiary of the Bank, is a commercial
mortgage banking firm that offers commercial mortgage banking services.

-3-

Markets

The Corporation conducts banking activities in multiple counties in
southwest Georgia.  Agriculture plays an important part in the economy of
the Bank's market area.  A large portion of Georgia's produce crops, which
include turnips, cabbage, sweet potatoes, and squash, and its producers of
tobacco, peanuts, and cotton are in the Bank's market.  In addition,
manufacturing firms, service industries, and retail stores employ a large
number of residents.  Apparel, lumber and wood products, and textile
manufacturers are among the various types of manufacturers located in the
Bank's market.  Empire provides mortgage banking services which includes
underwriting, construction, and long-term financing of commercial properties
principally throughout the Southeastern United States.

Deposits

The Bank offers a full range of depository accounts and services to both
consumers and businesses.  At December 31, 2005, the Corporation's deposit
base, totaling $221,844,391, consisted of $36,909,869 in noninterest-bearing
demand deposits (16.6% of total deposits), $68,684,347 in interest-bearing
demand deposits including money market accounts (31.0% of total deposits),
$25,481,261 in savings deposits (11.5% of total deposits), $67,077,882 in
time deposits in amounts less than $100,000 (30.2% of total deposits), and
$23,691,032 in time deposits of $100,000 or more (10.7 % of total deposits).

Loans

The Bank makes both secured and unsecured loans to individuals,
corporations, and other businesses.  Both consumer and commercial lending
operations include various types of credit for the Bank's customers.
Secured loans include first and second real estate mortgage loans.  The Bank
also makes direct installment loans to consumers on both a secured and
unsecured basis.  At December 31, 2005, consumer installment, real estate
(including construction and mortgage loans), and commercial (including
financial and agricultural) loans represented approximately 7.8%, 80.4% and
11.8%, respectively, of the Bank's total loan portfolio.

Lending Policy

The current lending policy of the Bank is to offer consumer and commercial
credit services to individuals and businesses that meet the Bank's credit
standards.  The Bank provides each lending officer with written guidelines
for lending activities.  Lending authority is delegated by the Board of
Directors of the Bank to loan officers, each of whom is limited in the
amount of  secured and unsecured loans which can be made to a single
borrower or related group of borrowers.

The Loan Committee of the Bank's Board of Directors is responsible for
approving and monitoring the loan policy and providing guidance and counsel
to all lending personnel.  It also approves all extensions of credit over
$200,000.  The Loan Committee is composed of the Chief Executive Officer and
President, and other executive officers of the Bank, as well as certain Bank
Directors.

-4-

Servicing and Origination Fees on Loans

The Corporation through its subsidiary, Empire, recognizes as income in the
current period all loan origination and brokerage fees collected on loans
originated and closed for investing participants.  Loan servicing fees are
based on a percentage of loan interest paid by the borrower and are
recognized over the term of the loan as loan payments are received.  Empire
does not directly fund any mortgages and acts as a service-oriented broker
for participating mortgage lenders.  Fees charged for continuing servicing
fees are comparable with market rates.  In 2005, Bank revenue received from
mortgage banking services was $4,416,543 compared with $3,611,755 in 2004.
All of this income was from Empire except for $43,736 in 2005 and $29,905 in
2004, which was mortgage banking income from the Bank.

Loan Review and Nonperforming Assets

The Bank regularly reviews its loan portfolio to determine deficiencies and
corrective action to be taken.  Loan reviews are prepared by the Bank's loan
review officer and presented periodically to the Board's Loan Committee and
the Audit Committee.  Also, the Bank's external auditors conduct independent
loan review adequacy tests and include their findings annually as part of
their overall report to the Audit Committee and to the Board of Directors.

Certain loans are monitored more often by the loan review officer and the
Loan Committee.  These loans include non-accruing loans, loans more than 90
days past due, and other loans, regardless of size, that may be considered
high risk based on factors defined within the Bank's loan review policy.

Asset/Liability Management

The Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO) is charged with establishing
policies to manage the assets and liabilities of the Bank.  The Board's Loan
Committee acts as oversight to ALCO.  Its task is to manage asset growth,
net interest margin, liquidity, and capital in order to maximize income and
reduce interest rate risk.  To meet these objectives while maintaining
prudent management of risks, the ALCO directs the Bank's overall acquisition
and allocation of funds.  At its monthly meetings, the ALCO reviews and
discusses the monthly asset and liability funds budget and income and
expense budget in relation to the actual composition and flow of funds; the
ratio of the amount of rate sensitive assets to the amount of rate sensitive
liabilities; the ratio of loan loss reserve to outstanding loans; and other
variables, such as expected loan demand, investment opportunities, core
deposit growth within specified categories, regulatory changes, monetary
policy adjustments, and the overall state of the local, state, and national
economy.

Investment Policy

The Bank's investment portfolio policy is to maximize income consistent with
liquidity, asset quality, and regulatory constraints.  The policy is
reviewed periodically by the Board of Directors.  Individual transactions,
portfolio composition, and performance are reviewed and approved monthly by
the Board of Directors.

-5-

Employees

The Bank had 118 full-time employees at December 31, 2005.  The Bank is not
a party to any collective bargaining agreement, and the Bank believes that
its employee relations are good.

Competition

The banking business is highly competitive.  The Bank competes with other
depository institutions and other financial service organizations, including
brokers, finance companies, credit unions and certain governmental agencies.
Further, changes in the laws applicable to banks, savings and loan
associations, and other financial institutions and the increased competition
from investment bankers, brokers, and other financial service organizations
may have a significant impact on the competitive environment in which the
Bank operates.  See "Supervision and Regulation."

The Bank ranks first in market share in Colquitt and Baker Counties, third
in Worth County, and has a growing presence in Thomas County.

Monetary Policies

The results of operations of the Bank are affected by credit policies of
monetary authorities, particularly the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve").  The instruments of monetary policy
employed by the Federal Reserve include open market operations in
U. S. Government securities, changes in the discount rate on bank
borrowings, and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. In
view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money
markets, as well as the effect of action by monetary and fiscal authorities,
including the Federal Reserve, no prediction can be made as to possible
future changes in interest rates, deposit levels, loan demand, or the
business and earnings of the Bank.

Payment of Dividends

The Corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank.  Most
of the revenue of the Corporation results from dividends paid to it by the
Bank.  There are statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to the
payment of dividends by the Bank to the Corporation, as well as by the
Corporation to its shareholders.

-6-

Payment of Dividends (continued)

The Bank is a state-chartered bank regulated by the Department of Banking
and Finance (the "DBF") and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the
"FDIC").  Under the regulations of the DBF, dividends may not be declared
out of the retained earnings of a state bank without first obtaining the
written permission of the DBF unless such bank meets all the following
requirements:

  (a)  Total classified assets as of the most recent examination of the bank do
       not exceed 80% of equity capital (as defined by regulation);

  (b)  The aggregate amount of dividends declared or anticipated to be declared
       in the calendar year does not exceed 50% of the net profits after taxes
       but before dividends for the previous calendar year; and,

  (c)  The ratio of equity capital to adjusted assets is not less than 6%.

The payment of dividends by the Corporation and the Bank may also be
affected or limited by other factors, such as the requirement to maintain
adequate capital above regulatory guidelines.  In addition, if, in the
opinion of the applicable regulatory authority, a bank under its
jurisdiction is engaged in or is about to engage in an unsafe or unsound
practice (which, depending upon the financial condition of the bank, could
include the payment of dividends), such authority may require, after notice
and hearing, that such bank cease and desist from such practice.  The FDIC
has issued a policy statement providing that insured banks should generally
only pay dividends out of current operating earnings.  In addition to the
formal statutes and regulations, regulatory authorities consider the
adequacy of the Bank's total capital in relation to its assets, deposits,
and other such items.  Capital adequacy considerations could further limit
the availability of dividends to the Bank.  For 2005, the Corporation's cash
dividend payout to stockholders was $1.7 million, or 39.2% of net income.

Supervision and Regulation

The following is an explanation of the supervision and regulation of the
Corporation and the Bank as financial institutions.  This explanation does
not purport to describe state, federal or American Stock Exchange (the
"Amex") supervision and regulation of general business corporations or Amex
listed companies.

The Corporation is a registered bank holding company subject to regulation
by the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended (the "Act").  The Corporation is required to file annual and
quarterly financial information with the Federal Reserve and is subject to
periodic examination by the Federal Reserve.

The Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the Federal Reserve's
prior approval before (1) it may acquire direct or indirect ownership or
control of more than 5% of the voting shares of any bank that it does not
already control; (2) it or any of its non-bank subsidiaries may acquire all
or substantially all of the assets of a bank; and (3) it may merge or
consolidate with any other bank holding company.

-7-

Supervision and Regulation (continued)

In addition, a bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging
in, or acquiring, direct or indirect control of the voting shares of any
company engaged in non-banking activities.  This prohibition does not apply
to activities listed in the Act or found by the Federal Reserve, by order or
regulation, to be closely related to banking or managing or controlling
banks as to be a proper incident thereto.  Some of the activities that the
Federal Reserve has determined by regulation or order to be closely related
to banking include:

  *  making or servicing loans and certain types of leases;

  *  performing certain data processing services;

  *  acting as fiduciary or investment or financial advisor;

  *  providing brokerage services;

  *  underwriting bank eligible securities;

  *  underwriting debt and equity securities on a limited basis through
     separately capitalized subsidiaries; and

  *  making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to
     promote community welfare.

Although the activities of bank holding companies have traditionally been
limited to the business of banking and activities closely related or
incidental to banking (as discussed above), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the
"GLB Act") relaxed the previous limitations and permitted bank holding
companies to engage in a broader range of financial activities.
Specifically, bank holding companies may elect to become financial holding
companies which may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies
and engage in other activities that are financial in nature.  Among the
activities that are deemed "financial in nature" include:

  *  lending, exchanging, transferring, investing for others or safeguarding
     money or securities;

  *  insuring, guaranteeing, or indemnifying against loss, harm, damage,
     illness, disability, or death, or providing and issuing annuities, and
     acting as principal, agent, or broker with respect thereto;

  *  providing financial, investment, or economic advisory services, including
     advising an investment company;

  *  issuing or selling instruments representing interests in pools of assets
     permissible for a bank to hold directly; and

  *  underwriting, dealing in or making a market in securities.

-8-

Supervision and Regulation (continued)

A bank holding company may become a financial holding company under this
statute only if each of its subsidiary banks is well capitalized, is well
managed and has at least a satisfactory rating under the Community
Reinvestment Act.  A bank holding company that falls out of compliance with
such requirement may be required to cease engaging in certain activities.
Any bank holding company that does not elect to become a financial holding
company remains subject to the bank holding company restrictions of the Bank
Holding Company Act.

Under this legislation, the Federal Reserve Board serves as the primary
"umbrella" regulator of financial holding companies with supervisory
authority over each parent company and limited authority over its
subsidiaries.  The primary regulator of each subsidiary of a financial
holding company will depend on the type of activity conducted by the
subsidiary.  For example, broker-dealer subsidiaries will be regulated
largely by securities regulators and insurance subsidiaries will be
regulated largely by insurance authorities.

The Corporation has no current plans to register as a financial holding
company.

The Corporation must also register with the DBF and file periodic
information with the DBF.  As part of such registration, the DBF requires
information with respect to the financial condition, operations, management
and intercompany relationships of the Corporation and the Bank and related
matters.  The DBF may also require such other information as is necessary to
keep itself informed as to whether the provisions of Georgia law and the
regulations and orders issued thereunder by the DBF have been complied with,
and the DBF may examine the Corporation and the Bank.

The Corporation is an "affiliate" of the Bank under the Federal Reserve Act,
which imposes certain restrictions on (1) loans by the Bank to the
Corporation (2) investments in the stock or securities of the Corporation by
the Bank, (3) the Bank's taking the stock or securities of an "affiliate" as
collateral for loans by the Bank to a borrower, and (4) the purchase of
assets from the Corporation by the Bank.  Further, a bank holding company
and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in
arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of
property or furnishing of services.

The Bank, as a non-member of the Federal Reserve System, is subject to the
supervision of, and is regularly examined by, the FDIC and DBF.  In
addition, both the FDIC and the DBF must grant prior approval of any merger,
consolidation, or other corporate reorganization involving the Bank.  A bank
can be held liable for any loss incurred by, or reasonably expected to be
incurred by, the FDIC in connection with the default of a commonly-
controlled institution.

In accordance with the GLB Act, federal banking regulators adopted rules
that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose
non-public information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties.
These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and,
in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain
personal information to a nonaffiliated third party.  The privacy provisions
of the GLB Act affect how consumer information is transmitted through
diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors.
                                    -9-

Supervision and Regulation (continued)

A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent
years has been aimed at combating terrorist financing.  This has generally
been accomplished by amending existing anti-money laundering laws and
regulations.  The USA Patriot Act of 2001 (the "USA Patriot Act") imposed
significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new
crimes and penalties.  The United States Treasury Department has issued a
number of implementing regulations which apply to various requirements of
the USA Patriot Act to the Corporation and the Bank.  These regulations
impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate
policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money
laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity of their
customers.  Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement
adequate programs to combat terrorist financing, or to comply with all of
the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational
consequences for the institution.

Capital Adequacy

The Federal Reserve and the FDIC have implemented substantially identical
risk-based rules for assessing bank and bank holding company capital
adequacy.  These regulations establish minimum capital standards in relation
to assets and off-balance sheet exposures as adjusted for credit risk.
Banks and bank holding companies are required to have (1) a minimum level of
total capital to risk-weighted assets of eight percent; (2) a minimum Tier I
Capital to risk-weighted assets of four percent; and (3) a minimum
stockholders' equity to risk-weighted assets of four percent.  In addition,
the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have established a minimum three percent
leverage ratio of Tier I Capital to total assets for the most highly rated
banks and bank holding companies.  "Tier I Capital" generally consists of
common equity not including unrecognized gains and losses on securities,
minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries and
certain perpetual preferred stock less certain intangibles.  The Federal
Reserve and the FDIC will require a bank holding company and a bank,
respectively, to maintain a leverage ratio greater than four percent if
either is experiencing or anticipating significant growth or is operating
with less than well-diversified risks in the opinion of the Federal Reserve.
The Federal Reserve and the FDIC use the leverage ratio in tandem with the
risk-based ratio to assess the capital adequacy of banks and bank holding
companies.  The FDIC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the
"OCC") and the Federal Reserve consider interest rate risk in the overall
determination of a bank's capital ratio, requiring banks with greater
interest rate risk to maintain adequate capital for the risk.

In addition, Section 38 to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act implemented the
prompt corrective action provisions that Congress enacted as a part of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (the "1991
Act").  The "prompt corrective action" provisions set forth five regulatory
zones in which all banks are placed largely based on their capital
positions.  Regulators are permitted to take increasingly harsh action as a
bank's financial condition declines.  Regulators are also empowered to place
in receivership or require the sale of a bank to another depository
institution when a bank's capital leverage ratio reaches 2%.  Better-
capitalized institutions are generally subject to less onerous regulation
and supervision than banks with lesser amounts of capital.

                                    -10-

Capital Adequacy (continued)

The FDIC has adopted regulations implementing the prompt corrective action
provisions of the 1991 Act which place financial institutions in the
following five categories based upon capitalization ratios:  (1) a "well
capitalized" institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10
%, a Tier I risk-based ratio of at least 6 %, and a leverage ratio of at
least 5 %; (2) an "adequately capitalized" institution has a total risk-
based ratio of at least 8 %, a Tier I risk-based ratio of at least 4 %, and
a leverage ratio of at least 4 %; (3) an "undercapitalized" institution has
a total risk-based capital ratio of under 8 %, a Tier I risk-based capital
ratio of under 4 %, or a leverage ratio of under 4 %; (4) a "significantly
undercapitalized" institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of under
6 %, a Tier I risk-based ratio of under 3 %, or a leverage ratio of under 3
%; and (5) a "critically undercapitalized" institution has a leverage ratio
of 2 % or less.  An institution in any of the three undercapitalized
categories would be prohibited from declaring dividends or making capital
distributions.  The regulations also establish procedures for "downgrading"
an institution to a lower capital category based on supervisory factors
other than capital. The Bank, at December 31, 2005, would be considered to
be a "well capitalized" institution.

Inter-agency guidelines adopted by federal bank regulators mandate that
financial institutions establish real estate lending policies with maximum
allowable real estate loan-to-value limits, subject to an allowable amount
of non-conforming loans as a percentage of capital.

Available Information

The Corporation is subject to the information requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, which means that it is required to file certain
reports, proxy statements, and other information, all of which are available
at the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission at
Room 1580, 100 F. Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.  You may also obtain
copies of the reports, proxy statements, and other information from the
Public Reference Section of the SEC, at prescribed rates, by calling 1-800-
SEC-0330.  The SEC maintains a World Wide Web site on the Internet at
www.sec.gov where you can access reports, proxy, information and
registration statements, and other information regarding Corporations that
file electronically with the SEC through the EDGAR system.

The Corporation's Internet website address is www.sgfc.com.

Executive Officers of the Corporation

Executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors annually in May and
hold office until the following May at the pleasure of the Board of
Directors.

-11-

Executive Officers of the Corporation

The principal executive officers of the Corporation and their ages,
positions with the Corporation, and terms of office as of January 31, 2006,
are as follows:

Officer Of The
     Name (Age)               Principal Position              Corporation Since
                                                                   
DeWitt Drew             Chief Executive Officer and President         1999
  (49)                  of the Corporation and Bank

John J. Cole, Jr.	Executive Vice President of the	1984
  (55)                  Corporation and Executive Vice President
                        and Cashier of the Bank

J. David Dyer, Jr.      Senior Vice President of the Corporation      2002
  (58)                  and Bank and Chief Executive Officer
                        and President of Empire

George R. Kirkland      Senior Vice President and Treasurer           1991
  (55)                  of the Corporation and Senior Vice
                        President and Comptroller of the Bank

C. Wallace Sansbury     Senior Vice President of the Corporation      1996
  (63)                  and Bank

Randall L. Webb, Jr.    Senior Vice President of the Corporation      1994
  (57)                  and Bank

Geraldine A. Ferrone    Senior Vice President of the Corporation      1995
  (59)                  and Bank

J. Larry Blanton        Senior Vice President of the Corporation      2000
  (59)                  and Bank

Susan T. Whittle        Senior Vice President of the Corporation      2001
  (47)                  and Bank

Robert M. Carlton, Jr.  Senior Vice President of the Corporation      1995
  (64)                  and Bank

Morris I. Bryant        Senior Vice President of the Corporation      2004
  (64)                  and Bank
 
The following is a brief description of the business experience of the
principal executive officers of the Corporation.  Except as otherwise
indicated, each principal executive officer has been engaged in their
present or last employment, in the same or similar position, for more than
five years.

-12-

Executive Officers of the Corporation (continued)

Mr. Drew is a director of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation and
Southwest Georgia Bank and was named President and Chief Executive Officer
in May 2002.  Previously he served as President and Chief Operating Officer
beginning in 2001 and Executive Vice President in 1999 of Southwest Georgia
Financial Corporation and Southwest Georgia Bank.

Mr. Cole became Executive Vice President and Cashier of the Bank and
Executive Vice President of the Corporation in 2002.  Previously, he had
been Senior Vice President and Cashier of the Bank and Senior Vice President
of the Corporation.

Mr. Dyer became Senior Vice President of the Bank and Corporation in 2002.
He also serves as Chief Executive Officer and President of Empire, a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Bank.  Mr. Dyer has served as Chief Executive
Officer and President of Empire since forming the firm in 1985.

Mr. Kirkland became Senior Vice President and Treasurer of the Corporation
and Senior Vice President and Comptroller of the Bank in 1993.

Mr. Sansbury became Senior Vice President of the Bank and Corporation in
December 1996.

Mr. Webb became Senior Vice President of the Bank and Corporation in 1997.
Previously, he had been Vice President of the Bank and Corporation since
1994 and Assistant Vice President of the Bank since 1984.

Mrs. Ferrone became Senior Vice President in 2000 and Vice President of the
Bank and Corporation in 1995.  Previously, she had been Assistant Vice
President of the Bank since 1988.

Mr. Blanton became Senior Vice President of the Bank and Corporation in
2001.  Previously, he has served as Vice President of the Bank and
Corporation since 2000 and in various other positions with the bank since
1999.

Mrs. Whittle became Senior Vice President of the Bank and the Corporation in
2001.  Previously, she had been Senior Vice President and Senior Lender at
Citizens Bank in Russellville, Alabama since 1999.

Mr. Carlton became Senior Vice President of the Bank and Corporation in
2004.  Previously, he had been Vice President of the Bank since 1995.

Mr. Bryant became Senior Vice President of the Corporation and of the Bank
in 2004.  Previously, he was employed by Sylvester Banking Company in
Sylvester, Georgia, as Vice President and Cashier since 1969.

-13-

Table 1 - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and Shareholders' Equity;
Interest Rates and Interest Differentials

The following tables set forth, for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2005, 2004, and 2003, the daily average balances outstanding for the major
categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the
average interest rate earned or paid thereon.  Except for percentages, all
data is in thousands of dollars.
 
(a)  Average loans are shown net of unearned income and the allowance for loan
     losses.  Nonperforming loans are included.
(b)  Interest income includes loan fees as follows:  2005 - $534,000.
(c)  Reflects taxable equivalent adjustments using a tax rate of 34%.
                                    -14-

Table 1 - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and Shareholders' Equity;
Interest Rates and Interest Differentials (continued)

(a)  Average loans are shown net of unearned income and the allowance for loan
     losses.  Nonperforming loans are included.
(b)  Interest income includes loan fees as follows:   2004 - $453,000.
(c)  Reflects taxable equivalent adjustments using a tax rate of 34 %.

-15-

Table 1 - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and Shareholders' Equity;
Interest Rates and Interest Differentials (continued)

(a)  Average loans are shown net of unearned income and the allowance for loan
     losses.  Nonperforming loans are included.
(b)  Interest income includes loan fees as follows:  2003 - $385,000.
(c)  Reflects taxable equivalent adjustments using a tax rate of 34 %.

-16-

Table 2 - Rate/Volume Analysis

The following table sets forth, for the indicated years ended December 31, a
summary of the changes in interest paid resulting from changes in volume and
changes in rate.  The change due to volume is calculated by multiplying the
change in volume by the prior year's rate.  The change due to rate is
calculated by multiplying the change in rate by the prior year's volume.
The change attributable to both volume and rate is calculated by multiplying
the change in volume by the change in rate.

-17-

Table 2 - Rate/Volume Analysis (continued)

(a)  Volume and rate components are in proportion to the relationship of the
     absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.

(b)  Reflects taxable equivalent adjustments using a tax rate of 34% for
     2005, 2004, and 2003 in adjusting interest on nontaxable loans and
     securities to a fully taxable basis.

-18-

Table 3 - Investment Portfolio

The carrying values of investment securities for the indicated years are
presented below:
 
The following table shows the maturities of debt securities at December 31,
2005, and the weighted average yields (for nontaxable obligations on a fully
taxable basis assuming a 34% tax rate) of such securities.

-19-

Table 3 - Investment Portfolio (continued)

The calculation of weighted average yields is based on the carrying value
and effective yields of each security weighted for the scheduled maturity of
each security.  At December 31, 2005 and 2004, securities carried at
approximately $25,699,000 and $23,591,000 were pledged to secure public and
trust deposits, as required by law, and $35,437,000 and $38,547,000 were
pledged to secure Federal Home Loan Bank advances.

Table 4 - Loan Portfolio

The following table sets forth the amount of loans outstanding for the
indicated years according to type of loan.

The following table shows maturities and interest sensitivity of the
commercial, financial, agricultural, and construction loan portfolio,
excluding real estate mortgage and consumer loans at December 31, 2005.

-20-

Table 4 - Loan Portfolio (continued)

The following table shows, for such loans due after one year, the amounts
which have predetermined interest rates and the amounts which have floating
or adjustable interest rates at December 31, 2005.

The following table presents information concerning outstanding balances of
nonperforming loans and foreclosed assets for the indicated years.
Nonperforming loans comprise:  (a) loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis
("nonaccrual loans"); (b) loans which are contractually past due 90 days or
more as to interest or principal payments and still accruing ("past-due
loans"); (c) loans for which the terms  have been renegotiated to provide a
reduction or deferral of interest or principal because of a deterioration in
the financial position of the borrower ("renegotiated loans"); and (d) loans
now current but where there are serious doubts as to the ability of the
borrower to comply with present loan repayment terms ("potential problem
loans").

The Corporation follows a policy of continuing to accrue interest on
consumer and bank card loans that are contractually past due over 90 days up
to the time the loans are considered uncollectible and the loan amount is
charged against the allowance for loan losses.

-21-

Table 4 - Loan Portfolio (continued)

Summary of Loan Loss Experience

The following table is a summary of average loans outstanding during the
reported periods, changes in the allowance for loan losses arising from
loans charged off and recoveries on loans previously charged off by loan
category, and additions to the allowance which have been charged to
operating expenses.  There were no charge-offs or recoveries of real estate
construction loans for the periods presented.
 
The allowance is based upon management's analysis of the portfolio under
current and expected economic conditions.  This analysis includes a study of
loss experience, a review of delinquencies, and

-22-

Table 4 - Loan Portfolio (continued)

an estimate of the possibility of loss in view of the risk characteristics
of the portfolio.  Based on the above factors, management considers the
current allowance to be adequate.

Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses

Management has allocated the allowance for loan losses within the categories
of loans set forth in the table below according to amounts deemed reasonably
necessary to provide for possible losses.  The amount of the allowance
applicable to each category and the percentage of loans in each category to
total loans are presented below.

-23-

Table 4 - Loan Portfolio (continued)

The calculation is based upon total loans including unearned interest.
Management believes that the portfolio is well diversified and, to a large
extent, secured without undue concentrations in any specific risk area.
Control of loan quality is regularly monitored by management, the loan
committee, and is reviewed by the Bank's Board of Directors which meets
monthly.  Independent external review of the loan portfolio is provided by
examinations conducted by regulatory authorities.  The amount of additions
to the allowance for loan losses charged to operating expense for the
periods indicated were based upon many factors, including actual charge offs
and evaluations of current and prospective economic conditions in the market
area. Management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate to cover
any potential loan losses.

Table 5 - Deposits

The average amounts of deposits for the last three years are presented
below.

The maturity of certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more as of December
31, 2005, are presented below.

-24-

Return On Equity and Assets

Certain financial ratios are presented below.

Item 1A.  Risk Factors

An investment in the Corporation's common stock and the Corporation's
financial results are subject to a number of risks.  Investors should
carefully consider the risks described below and all other information
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated
by reference.  Additional risks and uncertainties, including those generally
affecting the industry in which the Corporation operates and risks that
management currently deems immaterial may arise or become material in the
future and affect the Corporation's business.

Recent performance may not be indicative of future performance.

The Corporation may not be able to sustain its profitability. Various
factors, such as economic conditions, regulatory and legislative
considerations, competition and the ability to find and retain people, may
impede its ability to remain profitable.

A deterioration in asset quality could have an adverse impact on the
Corporation.

A significant source of risk for the Corporation arises from the possibility
that losses will be sustained because borrowers, guarantors and related
parties may fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans.
With respect to secured loans, the collateral securing the repayment of
these loans includes a wide variety of diverse real and personal property
that may be affected by changes in prevailing economic, environmental and
other conditions, including declines in the value of real estate, changes in
interest rates, changes in monetary and fiscal policies of the federal
government, environmental contamination and other external events.  In
addition, decreases in real estate property values due to the nature of the
Bank's loan portfolio, over 80% of which is secured by real estate, could
affect the ability of customers to repay their loans.  The Bank's loan
policies and procedures may not prevent unexpected losses that could have a
material adverse effect on the Corporation's business, financial condition,
results of operations, or liquidity.

                                    -25-
 
Item 1A.  Risk Factors, (continued)

Changes in prevailing interest rates may negatively affect the results of
operations of the Corporation and the value of the its assets.

The Corporation's earnings depend largely on the relationship between the
yield on earning assets, primarily loans and investments, and the cost of
funds, primarily deposits and borrowings.  This relationship, known as the
interest rate spread, is subject to fluctuation and is affected by economic
and competitive factors which influence interest rates, the volume and mix
of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities and the level of
non-performing assets.  Fluctuations in interest rates affect the demand of
customers for the Corporation's products and services.  In addition,
interest-bearing liabilities may re-price or mature more slowly or more
rapidly or on a different basis than interest-earning assets.  Significant
fluctuations in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the
Corporation's business, financial condition, results of operations or
liquidity.  For additional information regarding interest rate risk, see
Part II, Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk."

Changes in the level of interest rates may also negatively affect the value
of the Corporation's assets and its ability to realize book value from the
sale of those assets, all of which ultimately affect earnings.

If the Corporation's allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover
actual loan losses, earnings would decrease.

The Bank's loan customers may not repay their loans according to their terms
and the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient
to assure repayment.  The Bank may experience significant loan losses which
would have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's operating results.
Management makes various assumptions and judgments about the collectibility
of the loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of borrowers and the
value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the
repayment of loans.  The Corporation maintains an allowance for loan losses
in an attempt to cover any loan losses inherent in the portfolio.  In
determining the size of the allowance, management relies on an analysis of
the loan portfolio based on historical loss experience, volume and types of
loans, trends in classification, volume and trends in delinquencies and non-
accruals, national and local economic conditions and other pertinent
information.  If those assumptions are incorrect, the allowance may not be
sufficient to cover future loan losses and adjustments may be necessary to
allow for different economic conditions or adverse developments in the loan
portfolio.

Technology difficulties or failures could have a material adverse effect on
the Corporation.

The Corporation depends upon data processing, software, communication and
information exchange on a variety of computing platforms and networks and
over the internet.  The Corporation cannot be certain that all of its
systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack or other
technological difficulties or failures.  The Corporation relies on the
services of a variety of vendors to meet its data processing and
communication needs.  If information security is breached or other
technology difficulties or failures occur, information may be lost or
misappropriated, services and operations may be interrupted and the
Corporation could be exposed to claims from customers.  Any of these results
                                    -26-
 
Item 1A.  Risk Factors, (continued)

could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's business,
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

The Corporation's business is subject to the success of the local economies
and real estate markets in which it operates.

The Corporation's banking operations are located in southwest Georgia.
Because of the geographic concentration of its operations, the Corporation's
success significantly depends largely upon economic conditions in this area,
which include volatility in the agriculture market, influx and outflow of
major employers in the area, minimal population growth throughout the
region.  Deterioration in economic conditions in the communities in which
the Corporation operates could adversely affect the quality of the
Corporation's loan portfolio and the demand for its products and services,
and accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's
business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.  The
Corporation is less able than a larger institution to spread the risks of
unfavorable local economic conditions across a large number of more diverse
economies.

The Corporation may face risks with respect to its ability to execute its
business strategy.

The financial performance and profitability of the Corporation will depend
on its ability to execute its strategic plan and manage its future growth.
Moreover, the Corporation's future performance is subject to a number of
factors beyond its control, including pending and future federal and state
banking legislation, regulatory changes, unforeseen litigation outcomes,
inflation, lending and deposit rate changes, interest rate fluctuations,
increased competition and economic conditions.  Accordingly, these issues
could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's business,
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

The Corporation depends on its key personnel, and the loss of any of them
could adversely affect the Corporation.

The Corporation's success depends to a significant extent on the management
skills of its existing executive officers and directors, many of whom have
held officer and director positions with the Corporation for many years.
The loss or unavailability of any of its key personnel, including G. DeWitt
Drew, President and CEO, John J. Cole, Jr., Executive Vice President, J.
David Dyer, Senior Vice President and President of Empire, and George R.
Kirkland, Senior Vice President & Treasurer, could have a material adverse
effect on the Corporation's business, financial condition, and results of
operations or liquidity.

Competition from financial institutions and other financial service
providers may adversely affect the Corporation.

The banking business is highly competitive, and the Corporation experiences
competition in its markets from many other financial institutions.  The
Corporation competes with these other financial institutions both in
attracting deposits and in making loans.  Many of its competitors are well-
established, larger financial institutions that are able to operate
profitably with a narrower net interest margin and have a more diverse
revenue base.  The Corporation may face a competitive disadvantage
                                    -27-
 
Item 1A.  Risk Factors, (continued)

as a result of its smaller size, lack of geographic diversification and
inability to spread costs across broader markets.  There can be no assurance
that the Corporation will be able to compete effectively in its markets.
Furthermore, developments increasing the nature or level of competition
could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's business,
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

Changes in government regulation or monetary policy could adversely affect
the Corporation.

The Corporation and the banking industry are subject to extensive regulation
and supervision under federal and state laws and regulations.  The
restrictions imposed by such laws and regulations limit the manner in which
the Corporation conducts its banking business, undertakes new investments
and activities and obtains financing.  These regulations are designed
primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance funds and consumers
and not to benefit holders of the Corporation's securities.  Financial
institution regulation has been the subject of significant legislation in
recent years and may be the subject of further significant legislation in
the future, none of which is in the control of the Corporation.  Significant
new laws or changes in, or repeals of, existing laws could have a material
adverse effect on the Corporation's business, financial condition, results
of operations or liquidity.  Further, federal monetary policy, particularly
as implemented through the Federal Reserve System, significantly affects
credit conditions for the Corporation, and any unfavorable change in these
conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's
business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.  See Part
I, Item 1, "Supervision and Regulation."

Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments

The Corporation does not have any written comments made by the Securities
Exchange Commission staff in connection with a review of any of its reports.

-28-

Item 2.  Properties

The executive offices of the Corporation and the main banking office of the
Bank are located in a 22,000 square foot facility at 201 First Street, S.
E., Moultrie, Georgia.  The Bank's Operations Center is located at 10 Second
Avenue, Moultrie, Georgia.  The Trust and Investment Division of the Bank is
located at 25 Second Avenue, Moultrie, Georgia.  A building located across
the street from the main office at 205 Second Street, S. E., Moultrie,
Georgia, has been renovated for the Bank's Administrative Services offices,
training and meeting rooms, record storage, and the drive-thru teller
facility.

All the buildings and land, which include parking and drive-thru teller
facilities, are owned by the Bank.  There are two automated teller machines
on the Bank's main office premises, one in each of the Baker County, Thomas
County, and Worth County branch offices, and one additional automated teller
machine located in Doerun, Georgia.  These automated teller machines are
linked to the STAR network of automated teller machines.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Corporation or
the Bank is a party or to which any of their property is subject.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

There were no matters submitted during the fourth quarter of 2005 for a vote
of the security holders through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise.

-29-

PART II

Item 5.  Market for Corporation's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Common Stock Market Prices

The Corporation's common stock trades on the American Stock Exchange under
the symbol "SGB".  The closing price on December 31, 2005, was $21.85.
Below is a schedule of the high and low stock prices for each quarter of
2005 and 2004.

*Adjusted for the 20% stock dividend paid in the fourth quarter of 2004.

As of December 31, 2005, we had 589 record holders of the Corporation's
common stock.  Also, there were approximately 230 additional shareholders
who held shares through trusts and brokerage firms.  Cash dividends paid on
the Corporation's common stock were $.52 in 2005 and $.46 in 2004.

Our dividend policy objective is to pay out a portion of earnings in
dividends to our shareholders in a consistent manner over time, and we
intend to continue paying dividends.  However, no assurance can be given
that dividends will be declared in the future.  The amount and frequency of
dividends is determined by the Corporation's Board of Directors after
consideration of various factors, which may include the Corporation's
financial condition and results of operations, investment opportunities
available to the Corporation, capital requirements, tax considerations and
general economic conditions. The primary source of funds available to the
parent company is the payment of dividends by its subsidiary bank.  Federal
and State banking laws restrict the amount of dividends that can be paid
without regulatory approval.  See "Business - Payment of Dividends".  The
Corporation and its predecessors have paid cash dividends for the past
seventy-seven consecutive years.

-30-

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data
 
                                    -31-

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

For further information about the Corporation, see selected statistical
information on pages 14 - 31 of this report on Form 10-K.

Overview

The Corporation is a full-service community bank holding company
headquartered in Moultrie, Georgia.  The community of Moultrie has been
served by the Bank since 1928. We provide comprehensive financial services
to consumer, business and governmental customers, which, in addition to
conventional banking products, include a full range of mortgage banking,
trust, investment and insurance services. Our primary market area
incorporates Colquitt County, where we are headquartered, and Baker, Thomas,
and Worth Counties, each contiguous with Colquitt County.  We have four full
service banking facilities and six automated teller machines.

Our strategy is to:
*  maintain the diversity of our revenue, including both interest and
   noninterest income through a broad base of business,
*  strengthen our sales and marketing efforts while developing our employees to
   provide the best possible service to our customers,
*  expand our market share where opportunity exists, and
*  grow outside of our current geographic market through acquisitions into
   areas proximate to our current market area.

We operate in a region of Southwest Georgia that is tended to have slower
economic growth than the northern parts of the state.  However, we have had
an influx of new business that support the growing poultry business in our
area.

The Corporation's profitability, like most financial institutions, is
dependent to a large extent upon net interest income, which is the
difference between the interest received on earning assets, such as loans,
securities and federal funds sold, and the interest paid on interest-bearing
liabilities, principally deposits and borrowings.  Net interest income is
highly sensitive to fluctuations in interest rates.  During 2005, the U.S.
economy was marked by consistently rising interest rates.  In 2005, the
Federal Reserve Bank increased short-term interest rates 2% and since July
2004, short-term rates increased thirteen times, or 3.25% by year end.

Our profitability is impacted as well by operating expenses such as salaries
and employee benefits, occupancy and other operating expenses, including
income taxes.  Our lending activities are significantly influenced by
regional and local factors such as changes in population, demographics of
the population, competition among lenders, interest rate conditions and
prevailing market rates on competing investments, customer preferences and
levels of personal income and savings in the Corporation's primary market
area.

To address interest rate fluctuations, we manage our balance sheet in an
effort to diminish the impact should interest rates suddenly change.  In
addition, broadening our revenue sources helps to reduce the risk and
exposure of our financial results to the impact of changes in interest
rates, which is outside of our control.

                                    -32-

As a result of our strategy to diversify revenue, noninterest income has
grown over the last few years and was 76.8% of 2005 net interest income.
Sources of noninterest income include our insurance agency and Empire, the
Corporation's commercial mortgage banking subsidiary, as well as fees on
customer accounts, trust and retail brokerage services.

In 2005, we continued to make improvements in asset quality following
significant improvements made with respect to overall asset quality in 2004
and 2003.  During the second quarter of 2004, we sold a large foreclosed
property with a loss on sale of approximately $90,000.  During the second
quarter of 2003, the Corporation made the decision to transfer the Colquitt
Retirement Inn, the Corporation's largest nonperforming asset, for $200,000
to the Georgia Trust for Historic Preservation.  As a result, non-performing
assets to total assets declined from 1.5% at December 31, 2002, to 0.9% at
the end of 2003, 0.5% at the end of 2004 and 0.04% at the end of 2005.

On February 27, 2004, the Corporation acquired First Bank Holding Company
and its bank subsidiary, Sylvester Banking Company, for $4.2 million in cash
and 240,000 shares of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation common stock
valued at $5.5 million.  Sylvester Banking Company was merged into Southwest
Georgia Bank.  Sylvester Banking Company, which has been in business since
1898, at the time of the acquisition had $49.6 million in assets.  The
business combination was accounted for by the purchase method of accounting
and the results of operations of Sylvester Banking Company since the date of
acquisition are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Total
assets of $49.6 million and liabilities of $39.9 million were booked at fair
value including a core deposit intangible of $1.7 million.  This core
deposit intangible is being amortized over a 10-year period.

The following table shows the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed as of the acquisition date.
 
The following table shows selected pro forma information for 2003 and 2004
as if the acquisition had occurred as of December 31, 2002.  The pro forma
information does not include any operating efficiencies that might be
realized by eliminating duplicate activities, and pro forma results are not
necessarily indicative of the results which would have been realized had the
acquisition occurred at such date.

-33-

Stock Dividends

On October 29, 2004, the Corporation paid a 20% stock dividend to
shareholders of record as of October 7, 2004.  All per share information has
been adjusted to take into account the stock dividend.

Critical Accounting Policies

In the course of the Corporation's normal business activity, management must
select and apply many accounting policies and methodologies that lead to the
financial results presented in the consolidated financial statements of the
Corporation.  Management considers the accounting policy relating to the
allowance for loan losses to be a critical accounting policy because of the
uncertainty and subjectivity inherent in estimating the levels of allowance
needed to cover probable credit losses within the loan portfolio and the
material effect that these estimates have on the Corporation's results of
operations.  We believe that the allowance for loan losses as of December
31, 2005 is adequate, however, under adversely different conditions or
assumptions, future additions to the allowance may be necessary.  There have
been no significant changes in the methods or assumptions used in our
accounting policies that would have resulted in material estimates and
assumptions changes.  Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
provides a description of our significant accounting policies and
contributes to the understanding of how our financial performance is
reported.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Performance Summary

Net income for 2005 was $4.3 million, an increase of approximately $0.4
million, or 12%, when compared with $3.9 million in 2004.  Higher net income
in 2005 was primarily due to solid operating results for the mortgage
banking subsidiary and strong expense control.  Mortgage banking revenues
increased $805,000, or 22%, over 2004's results.  Expenses relating to
equipment, data processing, amortization of intangible assets, and other
operating declined $422,000, or 9%, for 2005 compared with 2004.  On a per
share basis, net income for 2005 was $1.31 per diluted share compared with
$1.18 per diluted share for 2004.

Because of our strong capital condition, we continued through 2005 the stock
repurchase program that began in January 2000.  In 2005, 25,000 shares were
repurchased.  Through the end of 2005, a total of 547,095 shares have been
repurchased since the beginning of the program.  The share repurchase
program was extended by the Board of Directors at their meeting in January
2006 through the end of January 2007.  The Corporation is authorized to
purchase an additional 100,000 shares under the plan.

                                    -34-

Net income for 2004 was $3.9 million, an increase of approximately $1.4
million, or 55.9 %, when compared with $2.4 million in 2003.  Higher net
income in 2004 was primarily due to the $1.2 million after-tax charge in the
second quarter of 2003 for the transfer of a non-performing asset, the
Colquitt Retirement Inn.  Excluding the charge associated with the non-
performing asset in 2003, 2004 earnings improved 6.5 %.  Other major factors
contributing to the 2004 improvement in earnings included increases of
$100,000 in insurance services income, $165,000 in mortgage banking services
income, $263,000 in service charge on deposit accounts, and a $425,000
decrease in the provision for loan losses.  The majority of the 2004
increase in net interest income and non-interest expenses was related to the
operations of the acquired bank.

We measure our performance on selected key ratios, which are provided for
the last three years in the following table:

Net Interest Income

Net interest income for 2005 decreased $178,000, or 1.7%, compared with
2004.  The decrease was influenced by the mix of earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities and higher funding costs.  Interest income from
earning assets increased $997,000, or 7.2%, in 2005 compared with 2004,
while interest expenses increased $1.2 million, or 34.5%, for the same
period.

The majority of the $997,000 increase in interest income for the year
resulted from increased volumes in earning assets related to the
acquisition.  Average investment volumes increased $11 million, or 7.2%, in
2005 compared with 2004 while the average yield decreased 19 basis points.
Average loan volumes increased $2.4 million during 2005, with a yield
increase of 54 basis points to 7.56% resulted in an increase in interest
income from loans of $717,000.

The increase of $1.2 million of interest expense in 2005 compared with 2004
primarily resulted from a 63 basis point increase in the average rate paid
on time deposits and 39 basis points increase in the average rate paid on
savings deposits.  The volume of average time deposits decreased $4.7
million, or 4.9%, was offset by an increase in average long-term debt of
$7.4 million.  During 2005, average interest-bearing deposits increased $2
million, or 1.1%, with the majority of the increase, or $6.7 million, in
lower rate savings accounts while average certificates of deposit decreased
$4.7 million, or 4.9%.  Average non-interest bearing deposits increased $0.8
million or 2%.  Interest expense on deposits continues to closely follow
interest rate trends.

-35-

Net interest income for 2004 increased $682,000, or 7%, compared with 2003.
Interest income from earning assets increased $696,000, or 5.3%, in 2004
compared with 2003, while interest expenses increased $14,000, or 0.4%, for
the same period.  The majority of the $682,000 increase in interest income
for the year resulted from increased volumes in earning assets related to
the acquisition.  Average loan volume increased $2.3 million, or 2.3%, in
2004 compared with 2003 while the average yield decreased 48 basis points.
The increase of $14,000 of interest expense in 2004 compared with 2003
primarily resulted from a growth in deposits and other borrowings.  The
deposit mix changed slightly due to the lower rate environment causing a
shift from time to savings deposits.

Net Interest Margin

Net interest margin, which is the net return on earning assets, is a key
performance ratio for evaluating net interest income.  It is computed by
dividing net interest income by average total earning assets.

Net interest margin was 3.91% for 2005, a 23 basis point decrease from 4.14%
in 2004.  The net interest margin in 2004 was down 47 basis points
compared with the net interest margin of 4.61% in 2003.  Our net interest
margin decline is primarily due to higher funding costs and to lower yields
on earning assets acquired with the Sylvester Banking Company acquisition
and our investment portfolio as a result of the flattening yield curve.  The
increased rates on short-term borrowing driven by the rise in the federal
reserve discount rate since June of 2004 has also impacted net interest
income by driving interest rates on deposits higher.

Noninterest Income

Noninterest income is an important contributor to net earnings. The largest
single component of the Corporation's noninterest income in recent years has
been mortgage banking services fees. The following table summarizes the
changes in noninterest income during the past three years:
 
                                    -36-

Noninterest income in 2005 increased $1.1 million compared with 2004.
Mortgage banking income increased $805,000 as loan origination fees on
commercial mortgages increased over the prior year.  The mortgage banking
servicing portfolio is comprised of non-recourse loans which we service for
participating commercial mortgage lenders.  At December 31, 2005, Empire was
servicing approximately $474 million in loans.

Service charges on deposit accounts, income from trust services, and income
from insurance services leveled off in 2005.  Gain on sale or abandonment of
assets increased $288,000, resulting primarily from losses on sales of
foreclosed properties in 2004.

Excluding the loss on the sale or abandonment of assets in 2004 and 2003,
noninterest income increased $643,000 in 2004 compared with 2003.  The
majority of the loss on sale of assets in 2003 related to the $1.7 million
charge and transfer of our major nonperforming asset (the Colquitt
Retirement Inn) to the Georgia Trust for Historic Preservation.  Service
charges on deposit accounts increased due to the addition of the acquired
branch office and the overdraft protection program.  Increases in fees from
trust activities, insurance services, and mortgage banking services more
than offset the decrease in income from security sales.

Noninterest Expense

Noninterest expense includes all expenses of the Corporation other than
interest expense, provision for loan losses and income tax expense. The
following table summarizes the changes in the noninterest expenses for the
past three years:
 
Total noninterest expense increased $309 thousand, or 2.6%, in 2005 compared
with 2004.  Salaries and employee benefits expense increased 9.8% due to
incentive based compensation at the mortgage banking subsidiary, increased
pension contributions and increased staffing to replace near term retirees.
The Company's employees totaled 118 at December 31, 2005 compared with 125
the prior year end.

Occupancy expense increased $75,000 or 10.2% in 2005 compared to 2004.  This
was primarily due to increased depreciation expense from a building
renovation project completed in late 2004.  The other noninterest expense
categories:  equipment, data processing, amortization of intangible assets,
and other operating expenses declined from the previous year due to
incurring higher expenses related to the acquisition of Sylvester Banking
Company in 2004.
                                    -37-

In 2004 compared with 2003, total noninterest expense increased $1.8
million, or 17.6% primarily as a result of the Corporation's acquisition of
Sylvester Banking Company.  Salaries and employee benefits expense increased
16% due to an increase in full-time equivalent employees of 16% to a total
of 125 at December 31, 2004 compared with the prior year end.

Amortization of intangible assets increased $178,000 in 2004 compared with
the previous year.  This increase resulted from the amortization of core
deposit premiums related to the purchase of Sylvester Banking Company.

The "efficiency ratio" (noninterest expenses divided by total noninterest
income plus net interest income), a measure of productivity, improved to
66.81% for 2005, from 68.54% for 2004 and 69.94% for 2003.

Federal Income Tax Expense

The Corporation expensed $1.32 million, $1.14 million and $1.02 million for
federal income taxes for the years ending December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively.  These amounts resulted in an effective tax rate of 23.3%,
22.8%, and 29.1% for 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively.  See Note 10 of the
Corporation's Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details
of tax expense.

USES AND SOURCES OF FUNDS

The Corporation, primarily through the Bank, acts as a financial
intermediary.  As such, our financial condition should be considered in
terms of how we manage our sources and uses of funds.  Our primary sources
of funds are deposits and borrowings.  We invest our funds in assets, and
our earning assets are what provide us income.

During 2005, total average assets increased $12.5 million, or 4.3%, to
$304.4 million.  The Corporation's earning assets, which include loans,
investment securities, deposits at the Federal Home Loan Bank, and federal
funds sold averaged $272.9 million in 2005, a 4.1% increase over $262.1
million in 2004.  This increase was the result of the acquisition of
Sylvester Banking Company. The earning asset mix remained relatively stable
during the year. For 2005, average earning assets were comprised of 37%
loans, 61% investment securities, and 2% federal funds sold and funds at the
Federal Home Loan Bank.  The ratio of average earning assets to average
total assets slightly decreased to 90.9% for 2005 compared with 91.1% for
2004.

Loans

Loans are one of the Corporation's largest earning assets and users of
funds.  Because of the importance of loans, most of the other assets and
liabilities are managed to accommodate the needs of the loan portfolio.
During 2005, average loans represented 37% of average earning assets and 34%
of average total assets.

-38-

The composition of the Corporation's loan portfolio at December 31, 2005,
2004, and 2003 was as follows:
 
Average total loans increased in 2005 due to an increase in local loan
demand mainly in construction and commercial loans.  We continued to apply
stringent credit criteria on all loan applications. The ratio of total loans to
total deposits at year end increased to 47.2% in 2005 compared with 44.9% in
2004.  The loan portfolio mix at year end 2005 consisted of 10.2% loans secured
by construction real estate, 32.3% loans secured by commercial real estate,
32.3% of loans secured by residential real estate, and 5.6% of loans secured by
agricultural real estate.  The loan portfolio also included other
commercial, financial, and agricultural purposes (11.8%) and loans to
individuals for consumer purposes (7.8%).

Allowance and Provision for Possible Loan Losses

The allowance for loan losses represents our estimate of the amount required
for probable loan losses in the Corporation's loan portfolio.  Loans, or
portions thereof, which are considered to be uncollectible, are charged
against this allowance and any subsequent recoveries are credited to the
allowance.  There can be no assurance that the Corporation will not sustain
losses in future periods which could be substantial in relation to the size
of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2005.

We have a loan review program in place which provides for the regular
examination and evaluation of the risk elements within the loan portfolio.
The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is regularly evaluated based
on the review of all significant loans with particular emphasis on
nonaccruing, past due, and other potentially impaired loans that have been
identified as possible problems.

The allowance for loan losses was $2.5 million, or 2.3% of total loans
outstanding, as of December 31, 2005.  This level represented a $53,000
decrease from the corresponding 2004 year-end amount which was 2.5% of
total loans outstanding.

The provision for loan losses was $80,000 in 2005, a $12,000 decrease from
the prior year's provision.  This provision reflected our assessment of the
adequacy of the allowance to absorb possible losses in the loan portfolio.
See Note 3 of the Corporation's Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for details of the changes in the allowance for loan losses.

                                    -39-

Investment Securities

The Corporation's investment securities consist primarily of U.S. Government
agency securities.  The investment portfolio serves several important
functions for the Corporation.  Investments in securities are used as a
source of income, to complement loan demand and to satisfy pledging
requirements in the most profitable way possible.  The investment portfolio
is a source of liquidity when loan demand exceeds funding availability, and
is a vehicle for adjusting balance sheet sensitivity to cushion against
adverse rate movements.  Our investment policy attempts to provide adequate
liquidity by maintaining a portfolio with staggered maturities ranging from
one to five years.

The following table summarizes the contractual maturity of investment
securities as of December 31, 2005:
 
The total investment portfolio decreased to $157 million from $172.9 million
at year-end 2005 compared with year-end 2004, a decrease of $15.9 million,
or 9.2%.  This decrease was due to maturing and called U.S. Government
agency securities and to an increase in loan demand.  The average total
investment portfolio increased to $164.8 million in 2005 compared with
$153.8 million for 2004.

We will continue to actively manage the size, components, and maturity
structure of the investment securities portfolio.  Future investment
strategies will continue to be based on profit objectives, economic
conditions, interest rate risk objectives, and balance sheet liquidity
demands.

Nonperforming Assets

Nonperforming assets are defined as nonaccrual loans, loans that are 90 days
past due and still accruing, and property acquired by foreclosure.  The
level of nonperforming assets decreased $1.3 million at year-end 2005
compared with year-end 2004.  This decrease primarily resulted from a
reduction in non-accruing loans due to overall improvement in loan quality.
Nonperforming assets were approximately $108,000, or 0.04% of total assets
as of December 31, 2005, compared with $1.4 million, or 0.46% of total
assets at year-end 2004.

Deposits and Other Interest-Bearing Liabilities

Our primary source of funds is deposits.  The Corporation offers a variety
of deposit accounts having a wide range of interest rates and terms.  We
rely primarily on competitive pricing policies and customer service to
attract and retain these deposits.
                                    -40-

In 2005, average deposits increased 1.3% compared with 2005 from $218.4
million to $221.1 million. The majority of the increase in average deposits
occurred in average savings and NOW account deposits. Competitive interest
rates during 2005 resulted in a slight change in the deposit mix.  Some
customers shifted money from certificates of deposit to savings, money
market, and NOW accounts due to lower rates paid on time certificates of
deposit.  As of December 31, 2005, the Corporation had a total of $23.7
million in certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more each.  This was a
13.4% decrease over the $27.3 million total in 2004.

We have used borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank to support our
residential mortgage lending activities.  During 2005, the Corporation
repaid short-term advances with the Federal Home Loan Bank of $8.0 million
leaving $5.0 million to be paid in August 2006.  Also, in 2005 the
Corporation borrowed an additional $5.0 million in long-term advances from
the Federal Home Loan Bank.  The advance has a fixed rate for 2 years with a
maturity in 2015 with the lender having an option to convert the advance to
a variable rate after the fixed rate period.  Total long-term advances with
the Federal Home Loan Bank were $30.3 million at December 31, 2005.  Details
on the Federal Home Bank advances are presented in Note 8 to the financial
statements.

Liquidity

Liquidity is managed to assume that the Corporation can meet the cash flow
requirements of customers who may be either depositors wanting to withdraw
their funds or borrowers needing funds to meet their credit needs.  Many
factors affect the ability to accomplish liquidity objectives successfully.
Those factors include the economic environment, our asset/liability mix and
our overall reputation and credit standing in the marketplace.  In the
ordinary course of business, our cash flows are generated from deposits,
interest and fee income, from loan repayments and the maturity or sale of
other earning assets.

The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows details the Corporation's cash
flows from operating, investing, and financing activities.  During 2005,
operating and investing activities generated cash flows of $4.3 million,
while financing activities used $6.0 million of this and decreased the cash
and due from banks balances by $1.7 million. Cash produced from operations
continues to provide cash for the payment of dividends and common stock
repurchases.

Liability liquidity represents our ability to renew or replace our short-
term borrowings and deposits as they mature or are withdrawn.  The
Corporation's deposit mix includes a significant amount of core deposits.
Core deposits are defined as total deposits less public funds and time
deposits of $100,000 or more.  These funds are relatively stable because
they are generally accounts of individual customers who are concerned not
only with rates paid, but with the value of the services they receive, such

as efficient operations performed by helpful personnel.  Total core deposits
increased to 83.2% of total deposits on December 31, 2005, compared with
80.4% in 2004.

Asset liquidity is provided through ordinary business activity, such as cash
which is received from interest and fee payments as well as from maturing
loans and investments.  Additional sources include marketable securities and
short-term investments which can be easily be converted to cash without
significant loss.  The Corporation's investment securities maturing within
one year or less were $6.1 million on December 31, 2005, which represented
4% of the investment debt securities portfolio.

                                    -41-

Also, the Corporation had $1.1 million of investment securities callable at
the option of the issuer and that are reasonably likely to be called during
2006.  These maturing and callable investment securities are sources for
repayment of our short-term and long-term debt obligations.

We are not aware of any known trends, events, or uncertainties that will
have or that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the
Corporation's liquidity or operations.

Contractual Obligations

The chart below shows the Corporation's contractual obligations and
commercial commitments, and its scheduled future cash payments under those
commitments as of December 31, 2005.

The majority of the Corporation's outstanding contractual obligations were
long-term debt.  The remaining contractual obligations were comprised of
telephone operating leases and purchase obligations for data processing
services with our primary service bureau.  We have no capital lease
obligations.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the
normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers and
to reduce risk exposure to fluctuations in interest rates.  These financial
instruments include commitments to extend credit in the form of loans or
through letters of credit.  The instruments involve, to varying degrees,
elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts
recognized in the financial statements. Since many of the commitments to
extend credit and standby letters of credit are expected to expire without

being drawn upon, the contractual or notional amounts do not necessarily
represent future cash requirements.

Financial instruments whose contract amounts represent credit risk (dollars
in thousands):
 
The Corporation does not have any special purpose entities or off-balance
sheet financing arrangements.

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND DIVIDENDS

We continue to maintain a healthy level of capital adequacy as measured by
our average equity to average assets ratio of 13.19% in 2005 and 13.26% in
2004.

The Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC have issued rules regarding risk-
based capital requirements for U.S. banks and bank holding companies.
Overall, these guidelines define the components of capital, require higher
levels of capital for higher risk assets and lower levels of capital for
lower risk assets, and

                                    -42-

include certain off-balance sheet items in the calculation of capital
requirements.  The risk-based capital regulations require banks to maintain
an 8% total risk-based ratio, of which 4% must consist primarily of tangible
common shareholders' equity (Tier I capital) or its equivalent.  Also, the
regulations require a financial institution to maintain a 4% leverage ratio
in tandem with the risk-based ratios.  At year-end 2005, we were well in
excess of the minimum requirements under the guidelines with a total risk-
based capital ratio of 28.53%, a Tier I risk-based capital ratio of 27.28%,
and a leverage ratio of 12.75%.

The following table presents the risk-based capital and leverage ratios for
year-end 2004 and 2003 in comparison to the minimum regulatory guidelines:

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

In addition to historical information, this 2005 Annual Report contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities

laws.  The Corporation cautions that there are various factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or
other expectations expressed in the Corporation's forward-looking
statements; accordingly, there can be no assurance that such indicated
results will be realized.

These factors include asset quality; the adequacy of the allowance for loan
losses; technology difficulties or failures; the Corporation's ability to
execute its business strategy; the loss of key personnel; competition;
changes in regulation and monetary policy; legislative and regulatory
initiatives regarding deregulation and restructuring of the banking
industry; acquisitions or dispositions of assets or internal restructuring,
that may be pursued by the Corporation; changes in or application of
environmental and other laws and regulations to which the Corporation is
subject; political, legal and local economic conditions and developments;
financial market conditions and the results of financing efforts; changes in
commodity prices and interest rates; weather, natural disasters and other
catastrophic events; and other factors discussed in the Corporation's other
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements made by or on behalf of the Corporation.  Any such statement
speaks only as of the date the statement was made.  The Corporation
undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.
Additional information with respect to factors that may cause results to
differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements
is included in the Corporation's current and subsequent filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                    -43-

Item 7A.  Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The Corporation's primary market risk is exposure to interest rate
movements.  We have no foreign currency exchange rate risk, commodity price
risk, or any other material market risk.   The Corporation has no trading
investment portfolio, nor do we have any interest rate swaps or other
derivative instruments.

Our primary source of earnings, net interest income, can fluctuate with
significant interest rate movements.  To lessen the impact of these
movements, we seek to maximize net interest income while remaining within
prudent ranges of risk by practicing sound interest rate sensitivity
management.  We attempt to accomplish this objective by structuring the
balance sheet so that the differences in repricing opportunities between
assets and liabilities are minimized.  Interest rate sensitivity refers to
the responsiveness of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities to
changes in market interest rates. The Corporation's interest rate risk
management is carried out by the Asset/Liability Management Committee which
operates under policies and guidelines established by the Bank.  The
principal objective of asset/liability management is to manage the levels of
interest-sensitive assets and liabilities to minimize net interest income
fluctuations in times of fluctuating market interest rates.  To effectively
measure and manage interest rate risk, the Corporation uses computer
simulations that determine the impact on net interest income of numerous
interest rate scenarios, balance sheet trends and strategies.  These
simulations cover the following financial instruments:  short-term financial

instruments, investment securities, loans, deposits, and borrowings.  These
simulations incorporate assumptions about balance sheet dynamics, such as
loan and deposit growth and pricing, changes in funding mix, and asset and
liability repricing and maturity characteristics.  Simulations are run under
various interest rate scenarios to determine the impact on net income and
capital.  From these computer simulations, interest rate risk is quantified
and appropriate strategies are developed and implemented.  The Corporation
also maintains an investment portfolio that staggers maturities and provides
flexibility over time in managing exposure to changes in interest rates.
Any imbalances in the repricing opportunities at any point in time
constitute a financial institution's interest rate sensitivity.

The table below provides information about the Corporation's financial
assets and liabilities that are sensitive to changes in interest rates.  For
each rate-sensitive asset and liability listed, the table presents principal
balances and weighted average interest rates by expected maturity or the
earliest possible repricing opportunity dates.

One of the indicators for our interest rate sensitivity position is the
measurement of the difference between its rate-sensitive assets and rate-
sensitive liabilities, which is referred to as the "gap."  A gap analysis
displays the earliest possible repricing opportunity for each asset and
liability category based upon contractual maturities and repricing.

At year-end 2005, our sensitivity ratio, or one-year cumulative rate-
sensitive assets relative to cumulative rate-sensitive liabilities, was 88%
compared with 126% for 2004.  This change in the sensitivity ratio was a
result of the Corporation's management of its exposure to interest rate
risk.  We are liability-sensitive at the one year gap position because we
had purchased in 2004 primarily five-year investment securities with a year
or less of call protection.  These securities were repositioned in the gap
analysis after their first call date because they were not called.  The
effect of this reposition shows that the Corporation is liability-sensitive
at the one-year gap position.  This liability sensitive position will
increase the Corporation's exposure to rising interest rates.

-44-

All interest rates and yields do not adjust at the same pace; therefore, the
sensitivity ratio is only a general indicator of the potential effects of
interest rate changes on net interest income.  We monitor our asset and
liability mix in an effort to ensure that the effects of interest rate
movements in either direction are not significant over time.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The information required by this item is file herewith.

                                    -45-

TJS  Thigpen, Jones, Seaton & Co., P.C.
     Certified Public Accountants
     Business Consultants
     1004 Hillcrest Parkway P.O. Box 400
     Dublin, Georgia 31040-0400
     Tel 478-272-2030  Fax 478-272-3318
     E-mail tjs@tjscpa.com

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The Directors and Stockholders of Southwest
  Georgia Financial Corporation

We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Southwest Georgia
Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and
the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
retained earnings and cash flows for each of the years in the three year
period ended December 31, 2005.  These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Corporation's management.  Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall consolidated financial statement presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2005, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

/S/Thigpen, Jones, Seaton & Co., PC

Dublin, Georgia
January 13, 2006

                                    -46-

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

-48-

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

-49-

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
                                    -51-

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, continued

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
                                    -52-

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accounting and reporting policies of Southwest Georgia Financial
Corporation and Subsidiaries (the "Corporation") conform to generally
accepted accounting principles and to general practices within the banking
industry.  The following is a description of the more significant of those
policies.

Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Southwest
Georgia Financial Corporation and its wholly-owned direct and indirect
Subsidiaries, Southwest Georgia Bank (the "Bank") and Empire Financial
Services, Inc. ("Empire").  All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation.

Nature of Operations

The Corporation offers comprehensive financial services to consumer,
business, and governmental customers through its banking offices in
southwest Georgia.  Its primary deposit products are savings and
certificates of deposit, and its primary lending products are consumer and
commercial mortgage loans.  The Corporation provides, in addition to
conventional banking services, investment planning and management, trust
management, mortgage banking, and commercial and individual insurance
products.  Insurance products and advice are provided by the Bank's
Southwest Georgia Insurance Services Division.  Mortgage banking for
primarily commercial properties is provided by Empire, a mortgage banking
services subsidiary.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change
relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses and the
valuation of real estate acquired in connection with foreclosures or in
satisfaction of loans.  In connection with these evaluations, management
obtains independent appraisals for significant properties.

A substantial portion of the Corporation's loans are secured by real estate
located primarily in Georgia. Accordingly, the ultimate collection of these
loans is susceptible to changes in the real estate market conditions of this
market area.

-53-

Interest Bearing Deposits in Banks

Interest bearing deposits in banks mature within one year and are carried at
cost.

Securities

Debt securities that management has the positive intent and ability to hold
to maturity are classified as "held to maturity" and recorded at amortized
cost.  Securities not classified as held to maturity or trading, including
equity securities with readily determinable fair values, are classified as
"available for sale" and recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and
losses reported in other comprehensive income.

Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the
interest method over the terms of the securities.  Declines in the fair
value of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities below their cost
that are deemed to be other than temporary are reflected in earnings as
realized losses. In estimating other-than-temporary impairment losses,
management considers (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair
value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term
prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability of the Corporation
to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to
allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value.  Gains and losses on the
sale of securities are recorded on the trade date and are determined using
the specific identification method.

Long-Lived Assets

Premises and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and
amortization.  Depreciation has been calculated primarily using the
straight-line method for buildings and building improvements over the assets
estimated useful lives.  Equipment and furniture are depreciated using the
modified accelerated recovery system method over the assets estimated useful
lives for financial reporting and income tax purposes for assets purchased
on or before December 31, 2003.  For assets acquired in 2004 and 2005, the
Corporation used the straight-line method of depreciation.  The following
estimated useful lives are used for financial statement purposes:

Land improvements                 5 - 31 years
Building and improvements        10 - 40 years
Machinery and equipment           5 - 10 years
Computer equipment                 3 - 5 years
Office furniture and fixtures     5 - 10 years

All of the Corporation's leases are operating leases and are not capitalized
as assets for financial reporting purposes.  Maintenance and repairs are
charged to expense and betterments are capitalized.

Long-lived assets are evaluated regularly for other-than-temporary
impairment.  If circumstances suggest that their value may be impaired and
the write-down would be material, an assessment of recoverability is
performed prior to any write-down of the asset.  Impairment on intangibles

-54-

is evaluated at each balance sheet date or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount should be assessed.
Impairment, if any, is recognized through a valuation allowance with a
corresponding charge recorded in the income statement.

Loans and Allowances for Loan Losses

Loans are stated at principal amounts outstanding less unearned income and
the allowance for loan losses.  Interest income is credited to income based
on the principal amount outstanding at the respective rate of interest
except for interest on certain installment loans made on a discount basis
which is recognized in a manner that results in a level-yield on the
principal outstanding.

Accrual of interest income is discontinued on loans when, in the opinion of
management, collection of such interest income becomes doubtful.  Accrual of
interest on such loans is resumed when, in management's judgment, the
collection of interest and principal becomes probable.

Fees on loans and costs incurred in origination of most loans are recognized
at the time the loan is placed on the books.  Because loan fees are not
significant, the results on operations are not materially different from the
results which would be obtained by accounting for loan fees and costs as
amortized over the term of the loan as an adjustment of the yield.

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events,
it is probable that the Corporation will be unable to collect the scheduled
payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual
terms of the loan agreement.  Factors considered by management in
determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the
probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when
due.  Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment
shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired.  Management determines
the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case
basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the
loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for
the delay, the borrower's prior payment record, and the amount of the
shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.  Impairment is
measured on a loan by loan basis for commercial and construction loans by
either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
loan's effective interest rate, the loan's obtainable market price, or the
fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.

Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated
for impairment.  Accordingly, the Corporation does not separately identify
individual consumer and residential loans for impairment disclosures.

The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan
losses charged to expense.  Loans are charged against the allowance for loan
losses when management believes the collection of the principal is unlikely.
The allowance is an amount which management believes will be adequate to
absorb estimated losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible
based on evaluation of the collectibility of loans and prior loss
experience.  This evaluation takes into consideration such factors as
changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolios, current economic
conditions that may affect the borrowers' ability to pay, overall portfolio
quality, and review of specific problem loans.
                                    -55-

Management believes that the allowance for loan losses is adequate.  While
management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future
additions to the allowance may be necessary based upon changes in economic
conditions.  Also, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their
examination process, periodically review the Corporation's allowance for
loan losses.  Such agencies may require the Corporation to recognize
additions to the allowance based on their judgments of information available
to them at the time of their examination.

Foreclosed Assets

Properties acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure are held for
sale and are initially recorded at the lower of cost or fair value at the
date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis.  Subsequent to
foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the
assets are carried at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost
to sell.  Revenue and expenses from operations and changes in the valuation
allowance are included in net expenses from foreclosed assets.

Credit Related Financial Instruments

In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation has entered into
commitments to extend credit, including commitments under credit card
arrangements, commercial letters of credit, and standby letters of credit.
Such financial instruments are recorded when they are funded.

Retirement Plans

The Corporation and its subsidiaries have pension plans covering
substantially all employees.  The Corporation makes annual contributions to
the plans in amounts not exceeding the regulatory requirements.

Income Taxes

The Corporation and the Bank file a consolidated income tax return.  The
Bank's subsidiary provides for income taxes based on its contribution to
income taxes (benefits) of the consolidated group.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities result from temporary differences
between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reportable amounts
in the financial statements that will result in taxable or deductible
amounts in future years.  Recognition of deferred tax assets is based on
management's belief that it is more likely than not that the tax benefit
associated with certain temporary differences and tax credits will be
realized.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment".
SFAS No. 123(R) replaces SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation", and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees".  This Statement requires compensation costs related to
share-based payment transactions to be recognized in the financial
statements over the period that an employee provides service in exchange for
the award.  Public companies are required to adopt the new standard using

                                    -56-

either a modified prospective method or may elect to restate prior periods
using the modified retrospective method.  Under the modified prospective
method, companies are required to record compensation cost for new and
modified awards over the related vesting period of such awards prospectively
and record compensation cost prospectively for the unvested portion, at the
date of adoption, of previously issued and outstanding awards over the
remaining vesting period of such awards.  No change to prior periods
presented is permitted under the modified prospective method.  SFAS No.
123(R) is effective for periods beginning after June 15, 2005.  Effective
July 1, 2005, the Corporation has adopted this new standard using the
modified prospective method.  All required details of stock option awards
are disclosed in Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements.

In December 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 132 (revised 2003), "Employers'
Disclosures about Pensions and Postretirement Benefits".  This Statement
requires additional disclosures about the assets, obligations and cash flows
of defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, as well as the expense
recorded for such plans.  As of December 31, 2004, the Corporation has
disclosed the required elements related to its defined benefit pension plan
in Note 9 to these consolidated financial statements.

In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150, "Accounting for Certain Financial
Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity".  This
Statement provides new rules on the accounting for certain financial
instruments that, under previous guidance, issuers could account for as
equity.  Such financial instruments include mandatorily redeemable shares,
instruments that require the issuer to buy back some of its shares in
exchange for cash or other assets, or obligations that can be settled with
shares, the monetary value of which is fixed.  Most of the guidance in SFAS
No. 150 is effective for financial instruments entered into or modified
after May 31, 2003, and otherwise is effective at the beginning of the first
interim period beginning after June 30, 2003.  This Statement had no effect
on the Corporation's consolidated financial statements.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

For purposes of reporting cash flows, the Corporation considers cash and
cash equivalents to include cash on hand, deposit amounts due from banks,
and highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of
three months or less.

Trust Department

Trust income is included in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements on the cash basis in accordance with established industry
practices.  Reporting of such fees on the accrual basis would have no
material effect on reported income.

Servicing and Origination Fees on Loans

The Corporation from the Bank's subsidiary, Empire, recognizes as income in
the current period all loan origination and brokerage fees collected on
loans originated and closed for investing participants.  Loan servicing fees
are based on a percentage of loan interest paid by the borrower and
recognized over the term of the loan as loan payments are received.  Empire
does not directly fund any mortgages and acts as a service-oriented broker
for participating mortgage lenders.  Fees charged for continuing servicing
fees are comparable with market rates charged in the industry.  Based on
                                    -57-

these facts and after a thorough analysis and evaluation of deferred
mortgage servicing costs as defined under FASB 122 and amended by FASB 140,
they are insignificant and immaterial to be recognized.  Late charges
assessed on past due payments are recognized as income by the Corporation
when collected.

Advertising Costs

It is the policy of the Corporation to expense advertising costs as they are
incurred.  The Corporation does not engage in any direct-response
advertising and accordingly has no advertising costs reported as assets on
its balance sheet.  Costs that were expensed during 2005, 2004, and 2003
were $176,341, $214,547, and $195,316, respectively.

2.  INVESTMENT SECURITIES

	Debt and equity securities have been classified in the consolidated balance
sheets according to management's intent.  The amortized cost of securities
as shown in the consolidated balance sheets and their estimated fair values
at December 31 were as follows:

-58-

At December 31, 2005 and 2004, securities with a carrying value of
$25,699,000 and $23,591,000, respectively were pledged as collateral for
public deposits and other purposes as required by law.  Also, securities
with a carrying value of $35,437,000 and $38,547,000 were pledged to secure
Federal Home Loan Bank advances at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

There were no investments in obligations of any state or municipal
subdivisions which exceeded 10 % of the Corporation's stockholders' equity
at December 31, 2005.

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities at December 31,
2005, by contractual maturity, are shown below.  Expected maturities will
differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to
call or prepay obligations with or without penalties.

-59-

For the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003, proceeds from sales
of securities available for sale amounted to $0, $5,157, and $192,400,
respectively.  Gross realized gains amounted to $0, $2,914, and $0
respectively.

Information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses at
December 31, 2005, aggregated by investment category and length of time that
individual securities have been in continuous loss position, follows:
 
Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least
on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns
warrant such evaluation.  Consideration is given to (1) the length of time
and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the
financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the
intent and ability of the Corporation to retain its investment in the issuer
for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in
fair value.

At December 31, 2005, the debt securities with unrealized losses have
depreciated 2.6% from the Corporation's amortized cost basis.  These
unrealized losses relate principally to current interest rates for similar
types of securities.  In analyzing an issuers financial condition,
                                    -60-

management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal
government, its agencies, or other governments, whether downgrades by bond
rating agencies have occurred, and the results of reviews of the issuer's
financial condition.  As management has the ability to hold debt securities
until maturity, or for the foreseeable future if classified as available-
for-sale, no declines are deemed to be other-than-temporary.

3.  LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES

The composition of the Corporation's loan portfolio at December 31, 2005,
2004, and 2003 was as follows:
 
The Corporation's only significant concentration of credit at December 31,
2005, occurs in real estate loans which totaled approximately $84 million.
However, this amount is not concentrated in any specific segment within the
market or geographic area.

At December 31, 2005 and 2004, impaired loans amounted to $173,995 and
$209,449 respectively.  Included in the allowance for loan losses is $26,099
related to impaired loans at December 31, 2005, and $31,583 related to
impaired loans at December 31, 2004.  The amounts in the allowance for loan
losses for impaired loans were primarily determined using the fair value of
the loans' collateral.

For the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003, the average recorded
investment in impaired loans was $191,722, $328,212, and $457,839
respectively.  Interest income was recognized for cash payments received on
loans while they were impaired of $14,361 for 2005, $9,268 for 2004, and
$29,499 for 2003.

Loans placed on nonaccrual status amounted to $103,092 and $1,387,041 at
December 31, 2005 and 2004 respectively.  Past due loans over ninety days
and still accruing at December 31, 2005 and 2004 were $4,910 and $4,256
respectively.

-61-

Changes in the allowance for loan losses are as follows:

4.  BANK PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

The amounts reported as bank premises and equipment at December 31, 2005 and
2004 are as follows:
 
Depreciation of premises and equipment was $749,278; $699,991 and $590,300
in 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively.

The Corporation depreciates its long-lived assets on various methods over
their estimated productive lives, as more fully described in Note 1, summary
of significant accounting policies.  During 2004, the Corporation changed to
straight line of depreciation for all furniture, fixtures, and equipment
acquired during and subsequent to 2004.  The Corporation believes the
straight line method allows more consistent recovery over the estimated
useful life of the asset.  The Corporation plans to continue to depreciate
furniture, fixtures, and equipment acquired prior to 2004 on the modified
accelerated cost recovery system (MACRS).  The effect of this change was to
increase pre-tax income and net income for 2005 by $66,000 ($.02 per share)
and $44,000 ($.01 per share) and for 2004 by $39,000 ($.01 per share) and
$26,000 (less than $.01 per share), respectively.

-62-

5.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

The following table lists the Corporation's intangible assets at December
31, 2005 and 2004.  Core deposit premiums have 8-9 years of remaining
amortization, and customers' account base have 9-10 years remaining
amortization while mortgage banking has 4 remaining years to amortize.

6.  DEPOSITS

At December 31, 2005, the scheduled maturities of certificates of deposit
are as follows:

7.  SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

Federal funds purchased generally mature within one to four days.  On
December 31, 2005, the Corporation had no federal funds purchased.  Other
short-term borrowed funds consist of Federal Home Loan Bank advances of
$5,000,000 with interest at 2.43 % as of December 31, 2005 and $8,000,000
million with interest at 2.30 % as of December 31, 2004.

-63-

Information concerning federal funds purchased and Federal Home Loan Bank
short-term advances are summarized as follows:

8.  LONG-TERM DEBT

Long-term debt at December 31, 2005 and 2004 consist of the following:
 
The advances from Federal Home Loan Bank are collateralized by the pledging
of investment securities.  At December 31, 2005 and 2004, securities with a
carrying value of $35,437,000 and $38,547,000 respectively were pledged to
secure these advances.  There were no 1-4 family residential mortgages
pledged to secure Federal Home Loan Bank advances.  At December 31, 2005,
the Corporation had $55,000,000 of unused lines of credit with the Federal
Home Loan Bank.

-64-

The following are maturities of long-term debt for the next five years.  At
December 31, 2005, there was no floating rate long-term debt.

9.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS PLAN

Pension Plan

The Corporation has a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan which
covers most all employees who have attained the age of 21 years and
completed one year of continuous service.  The Corporation is providing for
the cost of this plan as benefits are accrued based upon actuarial
determinations employing the aggregate funding method.

The table of actuarially computed benefit obligations and net assets and the
related changes of the Plan at December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003 is
presented below.

-65-

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87, Employees Accounting for
Pension (SFAS No. 87) requires the recognition of a minimum pension
liability for the defined benefit pension plans whose accumulated benefit
obligations exceed the fair value of the plan assets at the end of the year.
In 2005, the Corporation recorded a non-cash adjustment to the equity
through accumulated other comprehensive income of $444,221 ($673,062 on a
pretax basis), accrued pension liability of $540,211 and intangible assets
of ($132,851).  In 2004, the Corporation's financial statements were
restated to reflect the minimum pension benefit liability of defined benefit
pension plan.  We recorded a non-cash adjustment to equity through other
comprehensive income of $491,480 ($744,667 on a pretax basis), accrued
pension benefit liability of $1,167,218, and intangible assets of $422,546.

At December 31, 2005, the plan assets included cash and cash equivalents, U.
S. Treasury bonds and notes, other government agency securities, and equity
securities.  The pension plan for Sylvester Banking Company was merged with
the Corporation's plan as of December 31, 2004.  The Corporation made
contributions of $117,673 in 2004 to the Sylvester's plan and $79,745 in
benefits were paid to participants prior to the merger of the plans.

-66-

Assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation as of December 31,
2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively were:

For the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003, the assumptions used
to determine net periodic pension costs are as follows:
 
The expected rate of return represents the average rate of return to be
earned on plan assets over the period the benefits included in the benefit
obligation are to be paid.  In determining the expected rate of return, the
Corporation considers long-term compound annualized returns of historical
market data as well as actual returns on the Corporation's plan assets, and
applies adjustments that reflect more recent capital market experience.
 
The Corporation's pension plan investment objective is both security and
long-term stability, with moderate growth.  The investment strategies and
policies employed provide for investments, other than "fixed-dollar"
investments, to prevent erosion by inflation.  Since the funds are intended
for retirement, the investment time horizon is long-term by nature.  Because
of the long-term focus, short-term volatility is acceptable in an effort to
provide for higher long-term returns.  Sufficient funds are held in a liquid
nature (money market, short-term securities) to allow for the payment of
plan benefits and expenses, without subjecting the funds to loss upon

                                    -67-

liquidation.  In an effort to provide a higher return with lower risk, the
fund assets are allocated between stocks, fixed income securities, and cash
equivalents.  All plan investments and transactions are in compliance with
ERISA and any other law applicable to employee benefit plans.  The targeted
investment portfolio is allocated up to 30% in equities, 50% to 90% in
fixed-income investments, and up to 20% in cash equivalents investments.

All the Corporation's equity investments are in mutual funds with a
Morningstar rating of 3 or higher, have at least $300 million in
investments, and have been in existence 5 years or more.  To reduce risk
through efficient diversification and to provide for better liquidity, the
stock portion of the portfolio is maintained with the use of mutual funds.
No more than 10% of the market value of the plan is invested in any one
mutual fund.  Mutual funds investing in international stocks is allowed, but
is limited to no more than 5% of the market value of the plan.

Fixed income securities include issues of the U.S. Government and its
agencies, corporate bonds, certificates of deposit, and preferred stocks.
Any corporate bond or preferred stock purchased have a rating (by Standard &
Poor's or Moody's) of "A" or better.  Investments in securities of a single
issuer (with the exception of the U.S. Government, U.S. Government Agencies,
and federal insured bank deposits) do not exceed 5% of the market value of
the plan.  The average maturity of the fixed income portion of the portfolio
does not exceed 10 years.

Estimated Contributions

The employer expects to contribute as a minimum $687,000 to this pension
plan in 2005.

Estimated Future Benefit Payments

The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service and
decrements as appropriate, are expected to be paid for fiscal years
beginning:
 
Employee Stock Ownership Plan

The Corporation has a nondiscriminatory Employee Stock Ownership Plan and
Trust (ESOP) administered by a trustee.  The plan was established to
purchase and hold Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation stock for all
eligible employees.  Contributions to the plan are made solely by the
Corporation and are at the discretion of the Board of Directors.  The
contributions were $538,675 in 2005, $474,278 in 2004, and $159,725 in 2003.
Contributions to eligible participants are based on percentage of annual
compensation.  As of December 31, 2005, the ESOP holds 385,561 shares of the
Corporation's outstanding shares of common stock.  All 385,323 released

                                    -68-

shares are allocated to the participants.  The 238 unreleased shares are
pledged as collateral for a $5,000 long-term debt incurred from repurchasing
participants shares.  Dividends paid by the Corporation on ESOP shares are
allocated to the participants based on shares held.  ESOP shares are
included in the Corporation's outstanding shares and earnings per share
computation.

Directors Deferred Compensation Plan

The Corporation has a voluntary deferred compensation plan for the Board of
Directors administered by an insurance company.  The plan stipulates that if
a director participates in the Plan for four years, the Corporation will pay
the Director future monthly income for ten years beginning at normal
retirement age, and the Corporation will make specified monthly payments to
the Director's beneficiaries in the event of his or her death prior to the
completion of such payments.  The plan is funded by life insurance policies
with the Corporation as the named beneficiary.

Deferred Compensation Agreement

The Corporation has entered into an employment agreement with an executive
officer of Empire as of January 1, 2002.  Under this employee agreement the
executive officer shall be credited with Deferred Compensation for his
service and covenants in the amount of $200,000 on December 31, 2002 and
$200,000 on each anniversary date thereafter to 2006.  The executive officer
has irrevocably elected to waive participation in the Pension and Employee
Stock Ownership Plans.

Directors and Executive Officers Stock Purchase Plan

The Corporation has adopted a stock purchase plan for the executive officers
and directors of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation.  Under the plan,
participants may elect to contribute up to $500 monthly of salary or
directors' fees and receive corporate common stock with an aggregate value
of 1.5 times their contribution.  The expense incurred during 2005, 2004,
and 2003 on the part of the Corporation totaled $64,550, $58,550, and
$54,681, respectively.

Stock Option Plan

Effective March 19, 1997, the Corporation established a Key Individual Stock
Option Plan ("Plan") which provides for the issuance of options to key
employees and directors of the Corporation.  In April 1997, the Plan was
approved by the Corporation's shareholders, and it will be effective for ten
years.  A maximum of 190,080 shares of common stock have been authorized for
issuance with respect to options granted under the Plan.  The Plan provides
for the grant of incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options to
key employees of the Corporation.  The Plan is administered by the Personnel
Committee of the Board of Directors.

-69-

In 2005, 1,500 incentive stock options (ISO) were granted to the
Corporation's key employees and/or directors.  In 2004, the Corporation
granted 13,900 stock options and no stock options were granted in 2003.
Under the Plan, the exercise price of each option equals the market price of
the Corporation's stock on the grant date for a term of ten years.  All of
these stock options are fully vested.  The fair value of each stock option
grant is estimated on the grant date using an option-pricing model using
weighted-average assumptions.

The following table sets forth the number of stock options granted, the
average fair value of options granted, and the weighted-average assumptions
used to determine the fair value of the stock options granted.
 
A summary of the status of the Corporation's Plan as of December 31, 2005,
2004 and 2003, and the changes in stock options during the years are
presented below:

-70-

The following table summarizes information about fixed stock options
outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2005.
 
As of July 1, 2005, the Corporation adopted SFAS No. 123R which requires
recording stock option awards as compensation cost based on the fair value
of the stock options over the vesting period.  The Corporation granted 1,500
ISO's fully vested at a fair value of $6,165 to employees in December 2005.
The fair value of these ISO's which are classified as equity are required to
be recorded in the financial statements as compensation cost.  In 2005, the
year of adopting the new standard, the Corporation had no effect from the
change on income before taxes, net income, cash flow from operations, and
basic and diluted earnings per share.

Had compensation cost for the Corporation's stock option plan been
determined based on the fair value at the grant dates for awards under the
plan consistent with the method prescribed by SFAS No. 123, the
Corporation's net income and earnings per share would have been adjusted to
the pro forma amounts indicated below:
 
                                    -71-

The pro forma disclosures include the effects of all awards granted from
January 1, 1995 through December 31, 2005.

Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan

In 1997, the Corporation's Board of Directors approved a dividend
reinvestment and share purchase plan.  Also, the Board amended this plan on
September 16, 1998.  The purpose of the plan is to provide shareholders of
record of the Corporation's common stock, who elect to participate in the
Plan, with a simple and convenient method of investing cash dividends and
voluntary cash contributions in shares of the common stock without payment
of any brokerage commissions or other charges.  Eligible participants may
purchase common stock through automatic reinvestment of common stock
dividends on all or partial shares and make additional voluntary cash
payments of not less than $5 nor more than $5,000 per month.  The
participant's price of common stock purchased with dividends or voluntary
cash payments will be the average price of all shares purchased in the open
market, or if issued from unissued shares or treasury stock the price will
be the average of the high and low sales prices of the stock on the American
Stock Exchange on the dividend payable date or other purchase date.  During
the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003, 12,747, 10,079; and
10,669; shares were issued through the plan at an average of $22.84, $24.05,
and $20.46, per share, respectively.  These numbers of shares and average
price per share are not adjusted by stock dividends.

10.  INCOME TAXES

Components of income tax expense for 2005, 2004, and 2003 are as follows:
 
The reasons for the difference between the federal income taxes in the
consolidated statements of income and the amount and percentage computed by
the applying the combine statutory federal and state income tax rate to
income taxes are as follows:
 
                                    -72-

The sources of timing differences for tax reporting purposes and the related
deferred taxes recognized in 2005, 2004, and 2003 are summarized as follows:

11.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust of Southwest Georgia Financial
Corporation presently holds 385,561 shares of the Corporation's stock of which
238 shares have been pledged.  In the normal course of business, the
Corporation's banking subsidiary has made loans at prevailing interest rates
and terms to directors and executive officers of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries, and to their affiliates.  The aggregate indebtedness to the Bank
of these related parties approximated $3,487,000 and $3,221,000 at December 31,
2005 and 2004, respectively.  During 2005, approximately $3,953,000 of such
loans were made, and repayments totaled approximately $3,687,000.  None of
these above mentioned loans were restructured, nor were any related party loans
charged off during 2005 or 2004.  Also, during 2005 and 2004, directors and
executive officers had approximately $4,600,000 and $1,944,000,
respectively, in deposits with the Bank.

-73-

12.  COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES, AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH
OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK

In the normal course of business, various claims and lawsuits may arise
against the Corporation.  Management, after reviewing with counsel all
actions and proceedings, considers that the aggregate liability or loss, if
any, resulting there from will not be material.

The Corporation is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet
risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its
customers and to reduce its own risk exposure to fluctuations in interest
rates.  These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit in
the form of loans or through letters of credit.  The instruments involve, to
varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the
amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The contract or
notional amounts of the instruments reflect the extent of involvement the
Corporation has in particular classes of financial instruments.

Commitments to extend credit are contractual obligations to lend to a
customer as long as all established contractual conditions are satisfied.
Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination
clauses and may require payment of a fee by a customer.

Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees are conditional
commitments issued by the Corporation to guarantee the performance of a
customer to a third party.  Standby letters of credit and financial
guarantees are generally terminated through the performance of a specified
condition or through the lapse of time.

The Corporation's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by
the other party to commitments to extend credit and standby letters of
credit is represented by the contractual or notional amounts of these
instruments.  As these off-balance sheet financial instruments have
essentially the same credit risk involved in extending loans, the
Corporation generally uses the same credit and collateral policies in making
these commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance
sheet instruments.  Since many of the commitments to extend credit and
standby letters of credit are expected to expire without being drawn upon,
the contractual or notional amounts do not represent future cash
requirements.

The contractual or notional amounts of financial instruments having credit
risk in excess of that reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are as
follows:

-74-

13.  DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The following information and tables present the carrying amounts and fair
values of the Corporation's financial instruments at December 31, 2005 and
2004.  Where quoted prices are not available, fair values are based on
estimates using discounted cash flows and other valuation techniques.  Those
techniques can be significantly affected by the assumptions used, including
the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows.  Accordingly, the
aggregate fair value amounts presented do not represent the underlying value
of the Corporation.

Cash and Short-Term Investments

For those short-term investments, the carrying amount is a reasonable
estimate of fair value.

Investment Securities

For U. S. Government and U. S. Government Agency securities, fair values are
based on market prices or dealer quotes.  For other investment securities,
fair value equals quoted market price if available.  If a quoted market
price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices
for similar securities as the basis for a pricing matrix.

Loans

For all homogenous categories of loans, the fair value is estimated by
discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar
loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the
same remaining maturities.

Deposits

The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts, and certain money
market deposits is the amount payable on demand at December 31, 2005.  The
fair value of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit is estimated by
discounting the future cash flows using the rates currently offered for
deposits of similar remaining maturities.

Short-Term Borrowings and Securities Sold Under Repurchase Agreements

For those short-term borrowings, the carrying amount is a reasonable
estimate of fair value.  The fair value of securities sold under repurchase
agreements is estimated by discounting the future cash flow using the rates
currently offered for securities sold under repurchase agreements of similar
remaining maturities.

Long-Term Debt

Rates currently available to the Corporation for debt with similar terms and
remaining maturities are used to estimate fair value of existing debt.

-75-

Commitments to Extend Credit and Standby Letters of Credit

The fair value of commitments is estimated using the fees currently charged
to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of
the agreements, and the present credit worthiness of the counter parties.
For fixed rate loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference
between current levels of interest rates and the committed rates.  The fair
value of guarantees and letters of credit is based on fees currently charged
for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate them or
otherwise settle the obligations with the counter parties.

Limitations

Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant
market information and information about the financial instrument.  Those
estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from
offering for sale at one time the Corporation's entire holdings of a
particular instrument.  Because no market exists for a significant portion
of the financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on many
judgments.  These estimates are subjective in nature and involve matters of
judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision.  Changes in
assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.

The carrying amount and estimated fair values of the Corporation's financial
instruments are as follows:

-76-

14.  SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL DATA

Components of other operating expense in excess of one % of gross revenue
for the respective periods are as follows:

15.  STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY / REGULATORY MATTERS

Dividends paid by the Bank subsidiary are the primary source of funds
available to the parent company for payment of dividends to its shareholders
and other needs.  Banking regulations limit the amount of dividends that may
be paid without prior approval of the Bank's regulatory agency.  At December
31, 2005, approximately $2,164,000 of the Bank's net assets were available
for payment of dividends without prior approval from the regulatory
authorities.

The Federal Reserve Board requires that banks maintain reserves based on
their average deposits in the form of vault cash and average deposit
balances at the Federal Reserve Banks.  For the year ended December 31,
2005, the Bank's reserve requirements averaged approximately $4,459,000.

The Corporation (on a consolidated basis) and the Bank are subject to
various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking
agencies.  Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain
mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that,
if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Corporation's and
Bank's financial statements.  Under capital adequacy guidelines and the
regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Corporation and the
Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative
measures of their assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as
calculated under regulatory accounting practices.  The capital amounts and
classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators
about components, risk weightings, and other factors.  Prompt corrective
action provisions are not applicable to bank holding companies.

Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy
require the Corporation and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios
(set forth in the following table) of total and Tier 1 capital (as defined
in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined) and of Tier 1
capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined).  Management believes,
as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, that the Corporation and the Bank meets
all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject.

-77-

As of December 31, 2005, the most recent notification from the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation categorized the Bank as well capitalized under
the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action.  To be categorized as
well capitalized, an institution must maintain minimum total risk-based,
Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following
tables.  There are no conditions or events since the notification that
management believes have changed the Bank's category.  The Corporation's and
the Bank's actual capital amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2005 and
2004 are also presented in the table.

As a result of regulatory limitations at December 31, 2005, approximately
$34,244,000 of the parent company's investment in net assets of the
subsidiary bank of $36,408,000, as shown in the accompanying condensed
balance sheets in Note 16, was restricted from transfer by the subsidiary
bank to the parent company in the form of cash dividends.

On September 22, 2004, the Corporation declared a 20 % stock dividend
payable to shareholders of record on October 7, 2004.  Share and per share
data for all periods presented have been retroactively restated to reflect
the additional shares outstanding resulting from the stock dividend.

The Corporation's ratios under the above rules at December 31, 2005 and 2004
are set forth in the following table.  The Corporation's leverage ratio at
December 31, 2005 was 12.75 %.

-78-

16.  PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL DATA

Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation's condensed balance sheets as of
December 31, 2005 and 2004, and its related condensed statements of
operations and cash flows for the years ended are as follows:

-79-

16.  PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL DATA (continued)

-80-

16.  PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL DATA (continued)

-81-

17.  BUSINESS CONSOLIDATION

Effective February 27, 2004, the Corporation completed the acquisition of
First Bank Holding Company and its sole subsidiary, Sylvester Banking
Company ("SBC").  The approximate value of the transaction was $9.7 million.
The Corporation exchanged $4.2 million in cash and 240,000 shares of its
common stock valued at $5.5 million in connection with the acquisition  This
acquisition transaction was accounted for as a purchase and accordingly, the
operating results of SBC have been included in the Corporation's
consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition.

The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed of SBC.

The acquisition of SBC resulted in the recognition of $1,670,415 of
intangible assets and all were allocated to core deposits.  This allocation
was based on the Corporation's valuation of the core deposits of SBC.  Among
the factors considered included: (1) the rate and maturity structure of the
interest-bearing liabilities, (2) estimated retention rates of each deposit
liability category, (3) the current interest rate environment, and (4)
estimated noninterest income potential of the acquired relationship.  The
core deposit intangible created is being amortized on a straight line basis
over ten years.  There was no intangible allocated to goodwill.

The following table shows selected pro forma information as if the
acquisition had occurred during the last three years.  The pro forma
information does not include any operating efficiencies that could be
realized in a branch acquisition; therefore, this pro forma information does
not necessarily reflect the results of operations as they would have been if
the acquisition had occurred at the dates presented.

-82-

Pro forma information for years ended:

-83-

18.  EARNINGS PER SHARE

Earnings per share are based on the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the year.

-84-

19.  QUARTERLY DATA

-85-

20.  SEGMENT REPORTING

The Corporation operations are divided into five reportable business
segments:  The Retail and Commercial Banking Services, Commercial Mortgage
Banking Services, Insurance Services, Trust and Retail Brokerage Services,
and Financial Management Services.  These operating segments have been
identified primarily base on the Corporation's organizational structure.

The Retail and Commercial Banking Services segment serves consumer and
commercial customers by offering a variety of loan and deposit products, and
other traditional banking services.

The Commercial Mortgage Banking Services segment originates and services
commercial mortgage loans on properties that are located throughout the
southeastern United States.  This segment does not directly fund any
mortgages and acts primarily as a servicer and broker for participating
mortgage lenders.

The Insurance Services segment offers clients a full spectrum of commercial
and personal lines insurance products including life, health, and property
and casualty insurance.

The Trust and Retail Brokerage Services segment provides personal trust
administration, estate settlement, investment management, employee
retirement benefit services, and the Individual Retirement Account (IRA)
administration.  Also, this segment offers full service retail brokerage
which includes the sale of retail investment products including stocks,
bonds, mutual funds, and annuities.

The Financial Management Services segment is responsible for the management
of the investment securities portfolio.  It also is responsible for managing
financial risks, including liquidity and interest rate risk.

The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in
the summary of significant accounting policies.  The Corporation evaluates
performance based on profit or loss from operations after income taxes not
including nonrecurring gains or losses.

The Corporation's reportable segments are strategic business units that
offer different products and services.  They are managed separately because
each segment appeals to different markets and, accordingly, requires
different technology and marketing strategies.

The Corporation allocates capital and funds used or funds provided for each
reportable business segment.  Also, each segment is credited or charged for
the cost of funds provided or used.  These credits and charges are reflected
as net intersegment interest income (expense) in the table below.  The
Corporation does allocate income taxes to the segments.  Other revenue
represents non-interest income, exclusive of the net gain (loss) on
disposition of assets and expenses associated with administrative activities
which are not allocated to the segments.  Those expenses include audit,
compliance, investor relations, marketing, personnel, and other executive or
parent company expenditures.

-86-

20.  SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)

The Corporation does not have operating segments other than those reported.
Parent Company and the Administrative Offices financial information is
included in the Other category, and is deemed to represent an overhead
function rather than an operating segment.  The Administrative Offices
include audit, marketing, personnel, and the executive office.

The Corporation does not have a single external customer from which it
derives 10 % or more of its revenues and operates in one geographical area.

This is managements second year to have reportable business segments.
Information about reportable business segments, and reconciliation of such
information to the consolidated financial statements for the years ended
December 31, 2005 and 2004, are as follows:

-87-

Amounts included in the "Other" column are as follows:

Other
                                                  
Net interest Income:
   Parent Company                                  $     62
Noninterest Income:
   Executive office miscellaneous income                  3
Noninterest Expenses:
   Parent Company corporate expenses                     96
   Executive office expenses not
     allocated to segments                            1,574
Provison for Income taxes:
   Parent Company income taxes (benefit)                (91)

Executive office income taxes not
     allocated to segments                             (558)
Net Income:                                        $  ( 956)

Segment assets:
    Parent Company assets, after
      intercomany elimination                      $    530

-88-

Amounts included in the "Other" column are as follows:

Other
                                                             
Net interest Income:
   Parent Company                                             $   48
Noninterest Income:
   Administrative office expenses related to
   loss on disposition of assets                                (234)
Noninterest Expenses:
   Parent Company corporate expenses                             168
   Administrative office expenses not
     allocated to segments                                     1,267
Provison for Income taxes:

Parent Company income taxes (benefit)                        (146)
   Administrative office income taxes not
     allocated to segments                                      (603)
Net Income:                                                   $ (872)

Segment assets:
    Parent Company assets, after
      intercomany elimination                                 $  465
 
                                    -89-

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

During the past three years, the Corporation did not change accountants nor
have any disagreements with its accountants on any matters of accounting
practices or principles or financial statement disclosure.

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures

The Corporation's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, supervised and participated in an evaluation of the
effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
federal securities rules) as of December 31, 2005.  Based on, and as of the
date of, that evaluation, the Corporation's Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Corporation's disclosure
controls and procedures were effective in accumulating and communicating
information to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures of that information under the Securities and Exchange
Commission's rules and forms and that the Corporation's disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be
disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted by the Corporation under
the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission's rules and forms.

No changes were made to the Corporation's internal control over financial
reporting during the last fiscal quarter that materially affected or could
reasonably likely to materially affect the Corporation's internal controls
over financial reporting.

Item 9B.  Other Information

None.

-90-

PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Corporation

The information contained under the heading "Information About Nominees For
Director" and "Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act" in the
definitive Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of
proxies for the Corporation's annual meeting of shareholders to be held on
May 23, 2006, to be filed with the Commission, is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

The information contained under the heading "Executive Compensation" in the
definitive Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of
proxies for the Corporation's annual meeting of shareholders to be held on
May 23, 2006, to be filed with the Commission, is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
Stock Related Matters

The information contained under the heading "Voting Securities and Principal
Holders" and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" in the definitive Proxy
Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the
Corporation's annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 23, 2006, to
be filed with the Commission, is incorporated herein by reference.  For
purposes of determining the aggregate market value of the Corporation's
voting stock held by nonaffiliates, shares held by all directors and
executive officers of the Corporation have been excluded.  The exclusion of
such shares is not intended to, and shall not, constitute a determination as
to which persons or entities may be "affiliates" of the Corporation as
defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

The information contained under the heading "Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions" in the definitive Proxy Statement to be used in
connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Corporation's annual
meeting of shareholders to be held on May 23, 2006, to be filed with the
Commission, is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services

The information contained under the heading "Information Concerning the
Company's Accountants" in the definitive Proxy Statement to be used in
connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Corporation's annual
meeting of shareholders to be held on May 23, 2006, to be filed with the
Commission, is incorporated herein by reference.

-91-

PART IV

Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a)(1).  Financial Statements

The following consolidated financial statements and supplementary
information for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003 are
included in Part II, Item 8 herein:

 (i)    Report of Independent Auditors

 (ii)   Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2005 and 2004

 (iii)  Consolidated Statements of Income - Years ended December 31, 2005,
        2004, and 2003

 (iv)   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity - Years ended December
        31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

 (v)    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2005,
        2004, and 2003

 (vi)   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - December 31, 2005

(a)(2).  Financial Statement Schedules

All applicable financial statement schedules required have been included in
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(b)(3).  Exhibits:

The exhibits filed as part of this registration statement are as follows:

Exhibit
Number                            Description Of Exhibit

  3.1     Articles of Incorporation of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation,
          as amended and restated (included as Exhibit 3.1 to the Corporation's
          Form 10-KSB dated December 31, 1996, previously filed with the
          commission and incorporated herein by reference).

  3.2     By-Laws of the Corporation as amended (included as Exhibit 3.2 to the
          Corporation's Form 10-KSB dated December 31, 1995, previously filed
          with the Commission and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.1     Pension Retirement Plan of the Corporation, as amended and restated.

-92-

Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (continued)

 10.2    Form of Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan of the Corporation
         (included as Exhibit 10.3 to the Corporation's Form S-18 dated
         January 23, 1990, previously filed with the Commission and
         incorporated herein by reference).*

 10.3    Directors' and Executive Officers' Stock Purchase Plan of the
         Corporation dated March 18, 1992 (included as Exhibit 10.7 to the
         Corporation's Form 10-KSB dated December 31, 1992, previously filed
         with the Commission and incorporated herein by reference).*

 10.4    Advances, specific collateral pledged, and security agreement between
         the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta and the Bank dated January 27,
         1992, and confirmation of credit services transaction for new money
         advances in the amount of $4,000,000 dated February 10, 1992,
         $2,500,000 dated September 4, 1992, and $1,500,000 dated September 8,
         1992 (included as Exhibit 10.10 to the Corporation's Form 10-KSB dated
         December 31, 1992, previously filed with the Commission and
         incorporated herein by reference).

 10.5    Supplemental Retirement Plan of the Corporation dated December 21,
         1994 (included as Exhibit 10.11 to the Corporation's Form 10-KSB dated
         December 31, 1994, previously filed with the Commission and
         incorporated herein by reference).*

 10.6    Trust under the Corporation's Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended
         (included as Exhibit 10.6b to the Corporation's Form 10-K dated
         December 31, 1997, previously filed with the Commission and
         incorporated herein by reference).*

 10.7    Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust of the Corporation as amended
         and restated.

 10.8    Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchases Plan of the Corporation as
         amended and restated by Amendment No. 1 (included as Exhibit 99 to the
         Corporation's Form S-3DPOS dated September 30, 1998, previously filed
         with the Commission and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.9    Key Individual Stock Option Plan of the Corporation dated March 19,
         1997 (included as Exhibit 10.9 to the Corporation's Form 10-K dated
         December 31, 1997, previously filed with the Commission and
         incorporated herein by reference).*

-93-

Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (continued)

 10.10   Employment agreement of J. David Dyer, Jr. (included as Exhibit 10.10
         to the Corporation's Form 10-K dated December 31, 2002, previously
         filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by reference).*

 10.11   Employment agreement of DeWitt Drew (included as Exhibit 10.11 to the
         Corporation's Form S-4 dated January 6, 2004, previously filed with
         the Commission and incorporated herein by reference).*

 10.15   Consulting agreement of John H. Clark (included as Exhibit 10.15 to
         the Corporation's Form S-4 dated January 6, 2004, previously filed
         with the Commission and incorporated herein by reference).*

 10.16   Form of Employment Agreement by and between the Corporation and Bank
         and John J. Cole, Jr. and George R. Kirkland.*

 14      Code of Ethical Conduct dated January 28, 2004 (included as Exhibit 14
         to the Corporation's Form 10-K dated December 31, 2003, previously
         filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by reference).

 21      Subsidiaries of the Corporation (included as Exhibit 21 to the
         Corporation's Form 10-K dated December 31, 2002, previously filed with
         the Commission, incorporated herein by reference).

 23.1    Consent of Thigpen, Jones, Seaton & Co., P.C.

 31.1    Section 302 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by
         Chief Executive Officer.

 31.2    Section 302 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by
         Chief Financial Officer.

 32.1    Section 906 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by
         Chief Executive Officer.

 32.2    Section 906 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by
         Chief Financial Officer.

* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be
  filed as an exhibit to this form.

-94-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Corporation has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation
                                                   (Corporation)

Date:   March 28, 2006               By:  /s/ DeWitt Drew
                                          DEWITT DREW
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Corporation and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

/s/ DeWitt Drew                                           Date:  March 28, 2006
DEWITT DREW
President and Chief Executive Officer
[Principal Executive Officer]

/s/ George R. Kirkland                                    Date:  March 28, 2006
GEORGE R. KIRKLAND
Senior Vice-President and Treasurer
[Principal Financial and Accounting Officer]

/s/ John H. Clark                                         Date:  March 28, 2006
JOHN H. CLARK
Chairman of the Board of Directors

-95-

SIGNATURES, Continued

/s/ Cecil H. Barber                                       Date:  March 28, 2006
CECIL H. BARBER
Director

/s/ Michael J. McLean                                     Date:  March 28, 2006
MICHAEL J. MCLEAN
Director

/s/ Richard L. Moss                                       Date:  March 28, 2006
RICHARD L. MOSS
Director

/s/ Roy Reeves                                            Date:  March 28, 2006
ROY REEVES
Director

/s/ Johnny R. Slocumb                                     Date:  March 28, 2006
JOHNNY R. SLOCUMB
Director

/s/ Violet K. Weaver                                      Date:  March 28, 2006
VIOLET K. WEAVER
Director

/s/ C. Broughton Williams                                 Date:  March 28, 2006
C. BROUGHTON WILLIAMS
Director

-96-

Exhibit Index

    Exhibit
    Number              Description Of Exhibit

     10.1    Pension Retirement Plan of the Registrant, as amended
             and restated effective March 1, 2005.

     10.7    Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust of the
             Registrant as amended and restated effective
             January 1, 2005.

     10.16   Form of Employment Agreement by and between the
             Corporation and Bank and John J. Cole, Jr. and
             George R. Kirkland.

     23.1    Consent of Thigpen, Jones, Seaton & Co., P.C.

     31.1    Section 302 Certification of Periodic Financial
             Report by Chief Executive Officer.

     31.2    Section 302 Certification of Periodic Financial
             Report by Chief Financial Officer.

     32.1    Section 906 Certification of Periodic Financial
             Report by Chief Executive Officer.

     32.2    Section 906 Certification of Periodic Financial
             Report by Chief Financial Officer.

-97-

<EX-10.1>
 2
 tenk05ex101.txt
 PENSION RETIREMENT PLAN

EXHIBIT 10.1

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION

PENSION RETIREMENT PLAN

As Amended And Restated,

                            Effective March 1, 2005

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I    CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS                                     2

ARTICLE II   MEMBERSHIP IN THE RETIREMENT PLAN                               12

    2.1       Initial Membership                                             12
    2.2       Resumption of Membership                                       12
    2.3       Termination                                                    12
    2.4       Membership Requirement Effective as of May 1, 1999             12
    2.5       Qualified Military Services                                    12
    2.6       Moultrie Insurance Agency Membership                           12
    2.7       Waiver of Participation                                        12
    2.8       Empire Financial Services, Inc. Membership                     13
    2.9       Sylvester Banking Company Membership                           13
    2.10      Sylvester Banking Company Pension Plan                         13

ARTICLE III  MONTHLY RETIREMENT INCOME                                       14

    3.1       General                                                        14
    3.2       Normal Retirement.                                             14
    3.3       Late Retirement                                                17
    3.4       Early Retirement                                               18
    3.5       Disability Retirement                                          18
    3.6       Method of Payment of Retirement Benefits.                      19
    3.7       Suspension Of Benefits                                         21

ARTICLE IV   DEATH BENEFITS                                                  22

    4.1       Incidental Death Benefits for Eligible Spouse.                 22
    4.2       No Death Benefits in Absence of Surviving Eligible Spouse      23

ARTICLE V    VESTING AND TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT                           24

    5.1       Vested Interest                                                24
    5.2       Method of Payment of Benefits to Member Separating from
               Service before Retirement Date                                24
    5.3       Lump Sum Cash-Out Distribution                                 25
    5.4       Buy-Back                                                       25
    5.5       Determination Of Present Value                                 26

ARTICLE VI   LIMITATIONS ON BENEFITS, NON-DISTRIBUTION ALIENATION AND
             ASSIGNMENT, AND RIGHTS OF MEMBERS                               27

    6.1       Limitation on Benefits.                                        27
    6.2       Special Rules for Benefits Payable to Highly
               Compensated Employees.                                        32
    6.3       No Assignment of Benefits                                      33
    6.4       Commencement of Benefits                                       33

                                      i

6.5       Reversion                                                      34

ARTICLE VII  CONTRIBUTIONS BY THE EMPLOYER                                   35

    7.1       Employer Contributions                                         35
    7.2       Funding and Investment Policy                                  35
    7.3       Payment of Expenses                                            35

ARTICLE VIII AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF PLAN                               36

    8.1       Right to Amend                                                 36
    8.2       Right to Terminate                                             36
    8.3       Allocation upon Termination                                    36
    8.4       Vesting upon Termination or Partial Termination                36
    8.5       Distributions upon Termination                                 36
    8.6       Reversions upon Termination                                    37

ARTICLE IX   PLAN ADMINISTRATOR                                              38

    9.1       Designation                                                    38
    9.2       Compensation and Records                                       38
    9.3       Duties and Powers; Claims Review Procedures                    38
    9.4       Authorization of Payments                                      40
    9.5       No Discrimination                                              40
    9.6       Retention of Agents                                            40

ARTICLE X    THE TRUST FUND AND TRUSTEE                                      41

   10.1       General                                                        41
   10.2       Disposition of Trust Fund                                      41
   10.3       Right of Removal                                               41
   10.4       Powers of Trustee                                              41
   10.5       Interest-Bearing Deposit With Employer                         41
   10.6       Integration of Trust Agreement                                 41

ARTICLE XI   MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS                                        42

   11.1       Prohibition Against Diversion                                  42
   11.2       Prudent Man Rule                                               42
   11.3       Responsibilities of Parties                                    42
   11.4       Reports Furnished Members                                      42
   11.5       Reports Available to Members                                   42
   11.6       Reports Upon Request                                           43
   11.7       Merger or Consolidation of Employer                            43
   11.8       Plan Continuance Voluntary                                     43
   11.9       Suspension of Contributions                                    43
   11.10      Agreement Not An Employment Contract                           43
   11.11      Facility of Payments                                           43
   11.12      Unclaimed Benefits                                             44
   11.13      Governing Law                                                  44

ii

11.14      Headings No Part of Agreement                                  44
   11.15      Merger or Consolidation of Plan                                44
   11.16      Indemnification                                                45
   11.17      Direct Transfer of Eligible Rollover Distributions.            45
ARTICLE XII  TOP-HEAVY PROVISIONS                                            47
   12.1       Application                                                    47
   12.2       Definitions.                                                   47
   12.3       Accrual of Minimum Benefit                                     47
   12.4       Vesting                                                        48
   12.5       Post-EGTRRA Top-Heavy Provisions.                              48

iii

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                            PENSION RETIREMENT PLAN

THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT is entered into effective as of the 21st day of
December, 2005, by and between SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a
holding company organized under the laws of the State of Georgia (referred to
herein as the "Employer"), and SOUTHWEST GEORGIA BANK, (referred to herein as
the "Trustee").

                             W I T N E S S E T H:

Effective January 1, 1976, the Plan was established by the Employer to assist
its Employees in providing a life income for their support after they have
retired from the employment of the Employer.

Effective as of January 1, 2000, the Plan was amended and restated to conform
to the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA"), the
pension provisions of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ("GATT");
the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994
("USERRA"), the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996 ("SBJPA"), the Tax
Reform Act of 1997 ("TRA '97"), the Internal Revenue Restructuring and Reform
Act of 1998, and the Community Renewal Tax Relief Act of 2000.

The Employer now desires to amend and restate the Plan, effective as of
March 1, 2005, to incorporate the prior amendments to the Plan and for
certain other purposes.  The provisions of this amendment and restatement of
the Plan shall apply only to those eligible employees who terminate
employment with the Employer on or after March 1, 2005, or such later date as
may apply for a provision which becomes effective afterwards.  Benefits
payable to or on behalf of a Member who terminates employment prior to
March 1, 2005 shall not be affected by the terms of any Plan amendment
adopted after such Member's termination of employment, unless the amendment
provides otherwise.

1

ARTICLE I

                         CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS

Any words herein used in the masculine shall be read and construed in the
feminine where appropriate.  Words in the singular shall be read and
construed as though used in the plural in all cases where the context so
requires.

As used herein, the following words and phrases shall have the meanings
specified below, unless a different meaning is plainly required by the
context:

1.1  The term "Accrued Benefit" as of any date shall be, in the case of a
Member who is credited with at least one (1) Hour of Service on or after
January 1, 1988, equal to the Monthly Retirement Income calculated pursuant to
Section 3.2(b), 3.2(c), or 3.2(d) (using his Average Monthly Earnings as of
the date of calculation).  In no event, however, shall any Member's Accrued
Benefit as of:

  (a)  January 1, 1988, be less than it was on December 31, 1987;

  (b)  January 1, 2000 be less than it was on December 31, 1999; and

  (c)  January 1, 2001 be less than it was on December 31, 2000.

1.2  The term "Actuarial Equivalent" shall mean a benefit of equivalent value
determined in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, as certified by the
Actuary.  Effective January 1, 2000, the term "Actuarial Equivalent" shall
mean a form of benefit differing in time, period or manner of payment from a
specific benefit provided under the Plan but having the same value when
computed using mortality according to the 1971 Group Annuity Mortality Table
for males and an 8% per annum compounded interest rate.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, for the purposes of determining the amount of any lump sum payment
under the Plan paid on or after January 1, 2000, the mortality table shall be
the table prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue pursuant to Rev.
Rul. 95-6 (as hereafter amended or modified) and the interest rate shall
equal the annual rate of interest on 30-year Treasury securities as published
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue for the second full calendar month
preceding the first day of the Plan Year during which occurs the date of
distribution commencement.  For purposes of determining the amount of any
lump sum payment under the Plan paid prior to January 1, 2000, the interest
rate shall be the Applicable Interest Rate under Section 5.5(d) of the prior
plan document and the 1971 Group Annuity Mortality Table for males.
Notwithstanding any other Plan provision to the contrary, effective for
distributions with an Annuity Starting Date on or after December 31, 2002,
the applicable mortality table to be used for purposes of: (i) satisfying the
requirements of Code Section 417(e) as set forth in Sections 5.3 and 5.5 of
the Plan; and (ii) adjusting any benefit or limitation under Code Section
415(b)(2)(B), (C), or (D) as set forth in Section 6.1 of the Plan, shall be
the applicable mortality table prescribed in Rev. Rul. 2001-62, the 1994
Group Annuity Reserving Table (94 GAR).

1.3  The term "Actuary" shall mean an individual enrolled by the Joint Board
for the Enrollment of Actuaries under Section 3042 of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 or a firm of actuaries, at least one of whose
members has been so enrolled.
                                     2

1.4  The term "Anniversary Date" shall mean January 1 of each year.

1.5  The term "Annuity Starting Date" shall mean the first day of the first
period for which an amount is received or receivable as an annuity or, in the
case of a benefit not payable in the form of an annuity, the first day on which
all events have occurred which entitle the relevant Member to such benefit.

1.6  The term "Average Monthly Earnings" (as of any date specified in the Plan
provision in question) shall mean an Employee's average monthly Earnings for
the period of sixty (60) consecutive months within the preceding ten (10)
year period which shall produce the highest average for him.  If the Employee
has completed less than sixty (60) consecutive months of service prior to the
respective date, the term "Average Monthly Earnings" shall mean the average
of the Monthly Earnings for the months immediately preceding such date.

1.7  The term "Beneficiary" shall mean, in the case of a married Member, the
Eligible Spouse of such Member, provided the Eligible Spouse survives the
Member and does not consent to the designation of another Beneficiary in
accordance with Sections 3.6, or 5.2 of this Plan and Code Section
417(a)(2)(A).  In the case of any other Member, the term "Beneficiary" shall
mean the person or persons, including any estate or trust, designated from
time to time by such Member (in such form as the Plan Administrator may
prescribe and with such priorities and conditions as the Member shall specify
and the Plan Administrator shall agree to) to receive any death benefit that
may be payable hereunder, if such person or persons survive the Member and
are in existence after the Member's death.  If a deceased member is not
survived by a Beneficiary determined under the above provisions of this
Section 1.7, or if no Beneficiary is effectively named under the above
provisions of this Section 1.7, the Beneficiary shall be deemed to be the
person or persons in the first of the following classes of beneficiaries with
one or more members of such class then surviving or in existence;

  (a)  The Member's surviving Eligible Spouse;

  (b)  The Member's descendants, per stirpes; or

  (c)  The Member's estate.

1.8  The term "Board" or "Board of Directors" shall mean the Employer's Board
of Directors.

1.9  The term "Break in Service" shall, as a general rule, mean a 12-month
eligibility, vesting or benefit accrual computation period during which the
Employee has not completed more than 500 Hours of Service.  The aggregate
Break in Service shall be the number of consecutive 12-month computation
periods during which the Employee has not completed more than 500 Hours of
Service.  If the respective 12-month computation periods is to switch
pursuant to the definition of Year of Service and if the Employee does not
complete more than 500 Hours of Service during the last 12-month computation
period that commences prior to the switch, the 12-month computation period
for determining whether the Employee incurs consecutive one year Breaks in
Service shall continue to be based on the 12-month computation period in
effect before the switch until more than 500 Hours of Service are completed
during one such 12-month computation period.

3

Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, for purposes of
determining whether a Member incurs a Break in Service for the respective
computation period, such Member shall be credited with up to 501 Hours of
Service for a "birth-related" absence.  For these purposes, an Employee's
absence from work shall be regarded as "birth-related" if it is occasioned by
that Employee's pregnancy, is by reason of the birth of a child of that
Employee or the placement of a child with the Employee in connection with the
adoption of such child by that Employee, or is for the purpose of caring for
such child for a period beginning immediately after the birth or placement.
The Employee shall be credited with up to 501 Hours of Service which
otherwise would normally have been completed by that Employee but for such
"birth-related" absence.  If it is not possible to determine the Hours of
Service which otherwise would normally have been completed, that Employee
shall be deemed to complete 8 Hours of Service for each normal workday of
absence, not to exceed 501 Hours of Service in the aggregate.  These Hours of
Service shall be credited during the computation period during which the
absence begins if the Employee does not otherwise complete more than 500
Hours of Service during that computation period; otherwise, these Hours of
Service shall be credited during the immediately following computation
period.  No credit shall be given for a "birth-related" absence, however,
unless the Employee furnishes to the Plan Administrator such timely
information as shall be reasonably necessary, in the Plan Administrator's
discretion, to establish the existence of a "birth-related" absence and the
length of that "birth-related" absence.

Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, a Member will not
incur a Break in Service while on qualified military service in accordance
with the terms of Code Section 414(u)(8) and the provisions of the Uniformed
Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA).

1.10  The term "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
from time to time.  All references herein to the Code shall be deemed to refer
to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the regulations established pursuant
thereto, as they now exist or as they may hereafter be amended.  Any
reference herein to a specific section of the Code shall be deemed to refer
to such section and the regulations established pursuant thereto, as they now
exist or as they may hereafter be amended.

1.11  The term "Death Benefit" shall mean any benefit paid to an Eligible
Spouse or Beneficiary at the death of a Member, Terminated Member, or Retired
Member, as provided under the terms of the Plan.

1.12  The term "Early Retirement Date" shall mean, in the case of each Member
who has attained the age of 55 and has completed at least 15 Years of Service,
the first day of the month immediately following or coincident with the later
of (a) the date such Member leaves the employ of the Employer in accordance
with Section 3.4 hereof or (b) the date the Member directs in writing shall
be his Early Retirement Date.

1.13  The term "Earnings" shall mean compensation which is paid to a Member by
the Employer during the Plan Year and which is includable in the Member's gross
income for federal income tax purposes, as reported on the Member's Form W-2;
provided, however, that the following income shall be excluded (i) any and
all commission income and (ii) income from the exercise of stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and

                                     4

similar grants.  Any amounts contributed by the Employer on behalf of an
Employee pursuant to a salary reduction agreement which is not includable in
the gross income of the Employee under Code Sections 125, 132(f)(4), 401(k),
402(a)(8), 402(h) or 403(b) shall be included in Earnings.  Prior to January
1, 1997, in the case of a Member who is a member of the family of:  (i) a 5%
owner or (ii) a Highly Compensated Employee in the group consisting of the
ten Highly Compensated Employees paid the greatest annual earnings during
such Plan Year, each as determined under Section 414(q)(6) of the Code, as in
effect prior to January 1, 1997, the Member's annual Earnings, for all Plan
Years prior to January 1, 1997, shall include any annual Earnings received
from the Employer by such Member's spouse and any lineal descendants of the
Member who have not attained age 19 before the close of such Plan Year.  "The
Earnings of any Member taken into account in determining benefit accruals
under the Plan for any Plan Year beginning after December 31, 2001, shall not
exceed $200,000 as adjusted for cost-of-living increases in accordance with
Section 401(a)(17)(B) of the Code and such limit shall be retroactively
applied to determine such Member's benefit.  Thus Earnings of any Member
taken into account in determining benefit accruals under the Plan for any
Plan Year beginning after December 31, 2004, shall not exceed $210,000.
Earnings means compensation during the Plan Year or such other consecutive
12-month period over which compensation is otherwise determined under the
Plan (the determination period).  The $210,000 limit on earnings shall be
adjusted for cost-of-living increases in accordance with Code Section
401(a)(17)(B).  The cost-of-living adjustment in effect for a calendar year
applies to Earnings for the determination period that begins with or within
such calendar year.

1.14  The term "Effective Date" shall mean the date on which this amendment and
restatement is effective, March 1, 2005, except where otherwise indicated in
the text of this Plan.  The original effective date of the Plan was
January 1, 1976.

1.15  The term "Eligible Spouse" shall mean the legally married spouse of the
Member at the earlier of the Member's date of death or the Member's Annuity
Starting Date, provided the Member and his spouse have been married for at
least one year as of such date.  However, if a Member marries within one (1)
year before his Annuity Starting Date and the Member and such Spouse have
been married for at least one (1) year on or before the date of the Member's
death, such persons shall be treated as having been married one (1) year on
the Member's Annuity Starting Date.

1.16  The term "Employee" shall mean any person who is an Employee (such term
having its customary meaning) of the Employer and who is receiving
remuneration for personal services rendered to the Employer (other than as an
independent contractor).  In addition, the term Employee shall include leased
employees within the meaning of Code Section 414(n)(2) unless (i) such leased
employees constitute less than twenty percent (20%) of the Employer's non-
highly compensated work force within the meaning of Code Section
414(n)(5)(C)(ii), and (ii) such leased employees are covered by a plan
described in Code Section 414(n)(5), in which event such leased employees
shall not be considered Employees for purposes of this Plan.  Leased
employees shall not be eligible to participate in this Plan.  Further, the
following Employees shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan:

  (a)  Employees whose terms and conditions of employment are determined by
collective bargaining with a union or an affiliate thereof representing such

                                     5

persons and with respect to whom inclusion in the Plan has not been provided
for in the collective bargaining agreement;

  (b)  Any individual who is an independent contractor.

An independent contractor who is recharacterized by the Internal Revenue
Service as a common law employee will not be considered as described in
paragraph (b) for periods on and after the recharacterization.  The
individual also will not be considered as described in paragraph (b) for
periods before the characterization, unless the Employer has classified the
individual as an independent contractor in good faith, and the individual was
part of a group of independent contractors identified by similar work
requirements.  An individual's ineligibility under the previous sentence has
no bearing on whether the individual is an excludable employee for purpose of
the nondiscrimination tests under Code Sections 401(b) and 401(a)(4).

1.17  The term "Employer" shall mean Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation,
its successors and assigns, and, subject to the provisions of Section 11.7,
any business into which the Employer may be merged or consolidated or to which
substantially all of its assets may be transferred.  The term shall also mean
Southwest Georgia Bank any other affiliate of Southwest Georgia Financial
Corporation which shall, with Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation's prior
written consent, adopt this Plan, and any successor or assign of such an
Employer.  In the event such an affiliate does so become a participating
employer, it shall contribute to the Plan, and its Employees shall be
entitled to benefits thereunder, in accordance with its term, subject to the
following special provisions:

  (a)  The contribution of each Employer shall be equal to that amount
necessary to fund the benefits accrued by its Employees in accordance with
the funding methods and policies established under Article VII hereof.

  (b)  In computing the Hours of Service of a person who is in the employ of
only one of the Employers hereunder at the same time, the period of service
of such person with any of the Employers shall be counted, and a transfer of
an Employee from the employment of one Employer to the employment of another
shall not interrupt his service, nor shall such a transfer constitute a
termination of employment under the terms of this Plan.

  (c)  In the event of a transfer of any Member from the employment of one
employer to the Employment of another Employer, he shall be considered and
treated thereafter as a Member who is an Employee of the Employer to which he
is transferred, except, if such Member thereafter forfeits all or a part of
his interest under any of the provisions of the Plan, the Plan Administrator
shall divide such forfeiture for the purpose of allocation in an equitable
manner, considering all the circumstances, between the two Employers.

In the event of such a transfer, the contribution of each Employer with
respect to the accrued benefits of such transferring Member shall be an
amount determined by allocating the total contribution thus necessary to the
Employers on the basis of the amount of wages or salary earned with each such
Employer during its fiscal year in which the transfer takes place.

1.18  The term "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations established pursuant

                                     6

thereto, as they now exist or as they may hereafter be amended.  Any
reference herein to a specific section of ERISA shall be deemed to refer to
such section and the regulations established pursuant thereto, as they now
exist or as they may hereafter be amended.

1.19  The term "Forfeiture" shall mean the portion of a Member's Accrued
Benefit which is not vested in accordance with Section 5.1, and which is
applied as provided in the Plan to reduce Employer contributions which would
otherwise be required.

1.20  The term "Hour of Service" or "Hour" means:

  (a)  Each hour for which an Employee is paid, or entitled to payment, by the
Employer for the performance of duties.  These hours shall be credited to the
Employee for the computation period in which the duties are performed; and
Each hour for which an Employee is paid, or entitled to payment, by the
Employer on account of a period of time during which no duties are performed
(irrespective of whether the employment relationship has terminated) due to
vacation, holiday, illness, incapacity (including disability), jury duty,
military duty or leave of absence, provided, however, that under this
paragraph (2):

  (i)  No more than 500 Hours of Service shall be credited for any single
  continuous period (whether or not such period occurs in a single computation
  period) during which the Employee performs no duties;

  (ii)  No hours shall be credited if such payment is made or due under a plan
  maintained by the Employer solely for purposes of complying with applicable
  worker's compensation, unemployment insurance or disability insurance laws;
  and

  (iii)  No hours shall be credited for a payment which reimburses an Employee
  for medical or medically related expenses incurred by the Employee; and

  (c)  Each hour for which back pay, irrespective of mitigation of damages, is
either awarded or agreed to by the Employer.  These hours shall be credited
to the Employee for the computation period to which the award or agreement
pertains rather than the period in which the award, agreement, or payment is
made.  The same Hours of Service shall not be credited under paragraphs (1)
or (2), as the case may be, and this paragraph (3).  Crediting of hours for
back pay awarded or agreed to with respect to periods described in paragraph
(2) shall be subject to the limitations of that paragraph.

  (d)  Hours of Service credited under the Plan shall be calculated and
credited subject to the rules and restrictions set forth in Department of Labor
Regulations Section 2530.200b-2(b), (c) and (f) which are incorporated herein
by this reference.

  (e)  The method of determining Hours of Service under the Plan shall be in
accordance with Department of Labor Regulations Section 2530.200b-3 and shall
be applied in a consistent and non-discriminatory manner to Employees or
classes of Employees.

7

1.21  The term "Key Employee" means an Employee defined in Code Section 416(i)
and the Treasury regulations thereunder.  Generally, they shall include any
Employee or former employee (and his Beneficiaries) who, at any time during
the Plan Year or any of the preceding four Plan Years, is:

  (a)  an officer of the Employer (as that term is defined within the meaning
of the regulations under Code Section 416) for any such Plan Year having 415
Compensation greater than $135,000 (as adjusted under Code Section 415(i)(1)
for that Plan Year).

  (b)  a "five percent owner" of the Employer.  "Five percent owner" means any
person who owns (or is considered as owning within the meaning of Code
Section 318) more than 5% of the outstanding stock of the Employer or stock
possessing more than 5% of the total combined voting power of all stock of
the Employer or, in the case of an unincorporated business, any person who
owns more than 5% of the capital or profits interest in the Employer.  In
determining percentage ownership hereunder, employers that would otherwise be
aggregated under Code Section 414(b), (c), and (m) shall be treated as
separate employers.

  (c)  a "one percent owner" of the Employer having an annual 415 Compensation
from the Employer of more than $150,000 as adjusted by the Internal Revenue
Service.  "One percent owner" means any person who owns (or is considered as
owning within the meaning of Code Section 318) more than 1% of the
outstanding stock of the Employer or stock possessing more than 1% of the
total combined voting power of all stock of the Employer or, in the case of
an unincorporated business, any person who owns more than 1% of the capital
or profits interest in the Employer.  In determining percentage ownership
hereunder, employers that would otherwise be aggregated under Code Section
414(b), (c), and (m) shall be treated as separate employers.  However, in
determining whether an individual has 415 Compensation of more than $150,000
as adjusted by the Internal Revenue Service, 415 Compensation from each
employer required to be aggregated under Code Section 414(b), (c), and (m)
shall be taken into account.

1.22  The term "Late Retirement Date" shall mean the first day of any month
which is subsequent to the Member's Normal Retirement Date and which is
coincident with or immediately following the day the Member terminates
employment with the Employer for any reason other than death.

1.23  The term "Member" shall mean any Employee of the Employer who has become
a Member as provided in Article II hereof.

1.24  The term "Monthly Earnings" shall mean 1/12th of Earnings as defined in
Section 1.15.  A Member's Monthly Earnings shall be appropriately adjusted by
the Plan Administrator to an annual basis if he receives compensation for
less than the full Plan Year.

1.25  The term "Monthly Retirement Income" shall mean a monthly income due to,
or with respect to, a Retired Member which shall commence as of his Early,
Normal, or Late Retirement Date, or which shall commence upon his death
pursuant to the terms of Section 4.1.  Such "Monthly Retirement Income" shall
continue for the period indicated in Article III or IV hereof.

8

1.26  The term "Normal Retirement Date" shall mean the first day of the month
coincident with or immediately preceding the Member's 65th birthday ("Normal
Retirement Age").  A Member shall become fully vested and his Accrued Benefit
shall become nonforfeitable as of his Normal Retirement Age.

1.27  The term "Plan" shall mean the pension plan set forth herein, as amended
from time to time, which is known as the Southwest Georgia Financial
Corporation Pension Retirement Plan.

1.28  The term "Plan Administrator" shall mean the individual or entity (which
may be a committee) which will be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the
Employer to administer and manage the Plan in accordance with Article IX.  In
the event that the Employer has not appointed a Plan Administrator, or in the
event that the Plan Administrator appointed by the Employer has resigned,
been removed or is otherwise disabled from serving, the term Plan
Administrator shall mean the Employer.

1.29  The term "Plan Year" shall mean the twelve month period beginning on
January 1 and ending on December 31, which shall also serve as the "limitation
year" for purposes of Section 415 of the Code.

1.30  The term "Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity" shall mean an annuity for
the life of the Member with a survivor annuity for the life of his Eligible
Spouse which is equal to fifty percent (50%) of the amount of the annuity
payable during the joint lives of the Member and his Eligible Spouse, and
which is the Actuarial Equivalent of a 5-year certain annuity for the life of
the Member.

1.31  The term "Retired Member" shall mean any Member of the Plan who has
terminated his employment after qualifying for retirement under Section 3.2,
3.3, 3.4, or 3.5.  Retirement shall be considered to commence on the day
immediately following the Member's last day of employment by the Employer or,
if later, the last day of an authorized leave of absence.

1.32  The term "Sylvester Plan" shall mean the Sylvester Banking Company
Pension Plan.

1.33  The term "Sylvester Member" shall mean Members in this Plan who are
former members of the Sylvester Plan who became Members in the Plan as of
January 1, 2005 following the merger of the Sylvester Plan into the Plan.

1.34  The term "Terminated Member" shall mean a Member who does not retire
under Section 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, or 3.5 hereof or die under Section 4.1, who
incurs a one year Break in Service, and who has not again become an active
Member.

1.35  The term "Total and Permanent Disability" or "Totally and Permanently
Disabled" shall mean a physical or mental condition which totally and
presumably permanently prevents a Member from engaging in any substantially
gainful activity and which entitles the Member to payment under the Employer-
sponsored long-term disability insurance program, assuming that such program
is then maintained by the Employer and covers the Member.

9

1.36  The term "Trust Agreement" shall mean the Trust Agreement adopted
December 9, 1975, as in effect as of the effective date of this amendment and
restatement of the Plan.

1.37  The term "Trustee" shall mean the trustee or trustees then serving under
the Trust Agreement.

1.38  The term "Trust Fund" or "Fund" shall mean all contributions to the Trust
together with the earnings and increments thereon, less disbursements made by
the Trustee in accordance with the terms of this Plan.

1.39  The term "Year of Service" shall mean a 12-month computation period
during which an Employee completes 1,000 or more Hours of Service.  The
computation period initially to be taken into account shall be the 12-month
period commencing with the Employee's first day of employment with the
Employer, whether or not such employment commenced prior to the original
effective date of the Plan.  Whether or not the Employee is credited with at
least 1,000 Hours of Service during this initial 12-month computation period,
the computation period shall thereafter be the first calendar year commencing
after the date such employment began and shall include each calendar year
thereafter.  In the event such Employee is credited with at least 1,000 Hours
of Service during the initial 12-month computation period as well as during
his first full calendar year of employment, such Employee shall be credited
with one Year of Service plus a fraction of a Year of Service, the numerator
of such fractional Year of Service being the number of months during his
first partial calendar year of such employment during which he was credited
with at least one (1) Hour of Service, and the denominator of which is twelve
(12).  If an Employee completes at least 1,000 Hours of Service during such
initial 12-month period and such period overlaps two calendar years in
neither of which has the Employee completed at least 1,000 Hours of Service,
he shall nevertheless be credited with a Year of Service for the Plan Year in
which he becomes a Member of the Plan but shall not be credited with any
fractional Year of Service as described above.  However, in no event shall
this definition be applied to reduce the benefit of a Member under the Plan
computed as of December 31, 1987, using the definition of Years of Service
previously contained in the Plan.

Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 1.39 or the Plan generally to
the contrary, a Member who is not credited with at least one (1) Hour of
Service on or after January 1, 1988, shall receive no credit, for purposes of
calculating his Monthly Retirement Income and Accrued Benefit, for Hours of
Service completed after his Normal Retirement Date.  Also, again
notwithstanding any provision of this Section 1.39 or the Plan generally to
the contrary, if a Terminated Member is subsequently re-employed and again
becomes a Member, or if a Member's Break in Service ceases where no
termination of employment has occurred, his "Years of Service" for vesting
and benefit accrual purposes shall not include any periods of employment
prior to such re-employment or cessation of Break in Service only if (i) such
Member's vested percentage pursuant to Section 5.1 was zero as of the date of
termination or commencement of Break in Service, and (ii) the Member's Breaks
in Service as of his re-employment or cessation of Break in Service equals or
exceeds the greater of 5 consecutive years or his Years of Service for
vesting purposes as of his termination date or commencement of Break in
Service.

In computing Years of Service hereunder, the period of an Employee's
employment with any other member of a group of related employers which

                                     10
 
includes the Employer shall be counted for participation and vesting purposes
(but not for accrual of benefits purposes unless such other employer has also
adopted the Plan), and a transfer of an Employee from the employ of one such
member to the employ of another member shall not interrupt such Employee's
service.  Related employers shall be determined under Code Section 414(b),
(c), (m) and (n), to include members of a controlled group or corporations,
trades or business under common control, members of an affiliated service
group, and entities related through the leasing of employees.

11

ARTICLE II

                       MEMBERSHIP IN THE RETIREMENT PLAN

2.1  Initial Membership.  An Employee who was a member under the prior
provisions of this Plan as of the date immediately preceding the Effective Date
shall remain a Member and shall continue to participate in accordance with the
provisions of this amended and restated Plan.  Any other Employee will become
a Member on the Anniversary Date of the Plan Year in which the Member has
both completed one (1) Year of Service and has attained the age of twenty-one
(21).

2.2  Resumption of Membership.  A Retired or Terminated Member who later
returns to the employ of the Employer or who completes a Year of Service after
incurring a Break in Service while still employed by the Employer shall again
become a Member as of the Anniversary Date occurring within the Plan Year in
which he is re-employed or in which he completes a Year of Service following
the Break in Service, whichever is applicable.  Any such Member's benefit
payments shall thereupon be suspended as provided in Section 3.7 of the Plan.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, a Retired or
Terminated Member who is reemployed as an Employee and continues in the
employ of the Employer through the last day of the Plan Year shall resume his
Membership for the Plan Year of employment, even though he completes not more
than 500 Hours of Service during such Plan Year.

2.3  Termination.  Membership in this Plan shall continue until such Member
incurs a Break in Service, retires in accordance with Section 3.2, 3.3, 3.4,
or 3.5, dies or becomes a Terminated Member as contemplated in Section 5.1 of
the Plan.

2.4  Membership Requirement Effective as of May 1, 1999.  Notwithstanding
Section 2.1, effective May 1, 1999, any Employee who is employed exclusively
on a commissioned basis shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan.

2.5  Qualified Military Services.  Notwithstanding any provisions of this Plan
to the contrary, contributions, benefits and service credit with respect to
qualified military service will be provided in accordance with Code Section
414(u).

2.6  Moultrie Insurance Agency Membership.  Subject to Section 2.4, an Employee
who had been employed by Southwest Georgia Insurance Services, Inc. (a/k/a
Moultrie Insurance Agency) on or after May 1, 1999 shall become a Member on
the date he first is employed by an Employer and meets the requirements of
Section 2.1 where Years of Service shall include service under Southwest
Georgia Insurance Services, Inc. from and after May 1, 1999 so long as it
does not otherwise duplicate Service under this Plan.

2.7  Waiver of Participation.  An Employee, leased employee, independent
contractor, Beneficiary or other person with any claim to benefits under the
Plan who provides the Plan Administrator with a knowing, voluntary and
irrevocable waiver of benefits under the Plan in a form satisfactory to the
Plan Administrator shall not be eligible to participate in or receive
benefits from the Plan and shall be treated for all purposes as ineligible.

12

2.8  Empire Financial Services, Inc. Membership.  Effective January 1, 2002,
Empire Financial Services, Inc., a subsidiary company of Southwest Georgia
Financial Corporation, became an adopting Employer in accordance with Section
1.18 of the Plan.  Effective January 1, 2002, Employees of Empire Financial
Services are eligible to participate in the Plan provided that service under
the Empire Financial Services, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan shall be recognized
for eligibility and vesting but not for accrual of benefits under the Plan.

2.9  Sylvester Banking Company Membership.  Effective as of February 27, 2004,
service of Employees who were employed by Sylvester Banking Company on the
immediately preceding day will be counted as Hours of Service for purposes of
determining eligibility under the Plan.  Employees who met the Plan's
eligibility service requirements on February 27, 2004 will be immediately
eligible to participate in the Plan.  In addition prior service with
Sylvester Banking Company shall be recognized for calculating vesting but not
for purposes of determining a Member's Accrued Benefit under the Plan (except
as provided in Section 2.10 with respect to the Member's benefit under the
Sylvester Plan).

2.10  Sylvester Banking Company Pension Plan.  Each participant in the
Sylvester Banking Company Pension Plan (the "Sylvester Plan") as of the close
of business on December 31, 2004, shall, in connection with the merger of the
Sylvester Plan into the Plan, become a Member in the Plan effective as of the
earlier of the date specified in Section 2.9 or the close of business on
December 31, 2004.  The Plan Administrator shall maintain records adequate to
permit the determination of the amounts transferred attributable to a
Sylvester Member's frozen accrued benefit under the Sylvester Plan.

13

ARTICLE III

                           MONTHLY RETIREMENT INCOME

3.1  General.  Any Member who terminates his employment with the Employer on or
after his Early, Normal, or Late Retirement Date or by reason of Total and
Permanent Disability shall qualify for retirement under Sections 3.2, 3.3,
3.4, or 3.5, and his Accrued Benefit shall be fully vested.  Monthly
Retirement Income payable under the terms of this Article shall be subject to
the restrictions and limitations of Article VI and shall be paid by the
Trustee only by or at the direction of the Plan Administrator.  Neither the
Employer, the Plan Administrator, nor the Trustee shall be under any
obligation to pay any Monthly Retirement Income other than from the Trust
Fund.

3.2  Normal Retirement.

  (a)  Benefit Computations Prior to January 1, 1988 [Historical provision].
Each Member who is not credited with at least one (1) Hour of Service on or
after January 1, 1988, who lives to his Normal Retirement Date and who retires
on such date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement benefit, commencing on
his Normal Retirement Date, equal to the greater of (1) $100 or (2) 20% of
his Average Monthly Earnings, plus 15% of his Average Monthly Earnings in
excess of $1,000, plus .5% of his Average Monthly Earnings multiplied by his
Years of Service as of his Normal Retirement Date.  Such monthly retirement
benefit is then multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is such
Member's Years of Service as of the date of calculation and the denominator
of which is such Member's Years of Service at his Normal Retirement Date if
he were to live and remain in the employ of the Employer until his Normal
Retirement Date.  If the Member has less than 15 Years of Service his monthly
retirement benefits as determined under (1) or (2) above shall be reduced by
1/15th for each Year of Service less than 15, but such reduction shall in no
event reduce the Member's monthly retirement benefit to less than two percent
(2%) of his Average Monthly Earnings for each Year of Service not in excess
of ten (10) Years of Service.  All such monthly benefits shall be computed to
nearest dollar, with fifty cents ($.50) being regarded as the next higher
dollar.

  (b)  Benefit Computations After December 31, 1987 And Prior to January 1,
1989 [Historical provision].  In the case of a Member who retires on his Normal
Retirement Date and who is credited with at least one (1) Hour of Service on or
after January 1, 1988 but is not credited with (1) Hour of Service on or
after January 1, 1989, such Member shall be entitled to a monthly retirement
benefit commencing on his Normal Retirement Date equal to (1) a basic monthly
benefit of thirty-five percent (35%) of such Member's Average Monthly
Earnings plus (2) an excess benefit equal to three-fourths of one percent
(.75%) of such Average Monthly Earnings in excess of one thousand six hundred
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents ($1,666.67) multiplied by the
Member's Years of Service not in excess of thirty-five (35) Years of Service.
Such monthly retirement benefit is then multiplied by a fraction, the
numerator of which is such Member's Years of Service as of the date of
calculation and the denominator of which is such Member's Years of Service at
his Normal Retirement Date if he were to live and remain in the employ of the
Employer until his Normal Retirement Date.  The Member's total monthly
benefit so computed shall be reduced by 1/15th for each Year of Service fewer
than 15 credited to such Member.  Provided, however, that in no event shall

                                     14

the application of this Section 3.2(b) result in a Member's Accrued Benefit
on or after January 1, 1988, being less than such Member's Accrued Benefit
determined as of December 31, 1987, based upon such Member's Years of Service
and Average Monthly Earnings as of December 31, 1987.

  (c)  Benefit Computations After December 31, 1988 and Prior to January 1,
2001 [Historical provision].  In the case of a Member who retires on his Normal
Retirement Date (or otherwise terminates employment) and who is credited with
at least one (1) Hour of Service on or after January 1, 1989 but is not
credited with (1) Hour of Service on or after January 1, 2001, such Member
shall be entitled to a monthly retirement benefit commencing on his Normal
Retirement Date equal to the sum of (i) and (ii):

  (i)  a basic monthly benefit of thirty-five percent (35%) of such Member's
  Average Monthly Earnings multiplied by:

  (1)  his Years of Service as of his date of termination of employment or
  other termination of Service divided by the Years of Service he would have if
  he continued in employment to his Normal Retirement Date; and

  (2)  a fraction equal to the Years of Service he would have if he continued
  in employment to his Normal Retirement Date divided by 15; provided that this
  fraction is only applied to a Member if he would have fewer than fifteen (15)
  Years of Service at his Normal Retirement Date (or if he is employed after
  his Normal Retirement Date, at his Late Retirement Date);

  (ii) an excess benefit equal to .72%, subject to Section 3.2(h), of such
  Average Monthly Earnings in excess of one thousand four hundred sixteen
  dollars and sixteen cents ($1,416.16) multiplied by the Member's Years of
  Service at his date of termination or other termination of Service not in
  excess of thirty-five (35) Years of Service.

In no event shall the application of this Section 3.2(c) result in a Member's
Accrued Benefit on or after January 1, 1989, being less than such Member's
Accrued Benefit determined as of December 31, 1988, based upon such Member's
Years of Service and Average Monthly Earnings as of December 31, 1988.

  (d)  Benefit Computations After December 31, 2000 [Current Provision].

  (i)  In the case of a Member who is not a Sylvester Member and who retires
  on his Normal Retirement Date (or otherwise terminates employment) and who is
  credited with at least one (1) Hour of Service on or after January 1, 2001,
  such Member shall be entitled to a monthly retirement benefit commencing on
  his Normal Retirement Date equal to the sum of (1) and (2) below.

  (1)  The Member's Accrued Benefit as of December 31, 2000 determined as if
  such date were a date of termination of employment but with Average Monthly

15

Earnings determined as of the date of actual termination of employment.

  (2)  46% of the Member's Average Monthly Earnings multiplied by

  (A)  the ratio of the Member's Years of Service since January 1, 2001
       divided by all Years of Service; and

  (B)  a fraction equal to the Years of Service he would have if he continued
       in employment to his Normal Retirement Date divided by 25; provided this
       fraction is only applied to a Member if he would have fewer than twenty-
       five (25) Years of Service at his Normal Retirement Date (or if he is
       employed after his Normal Retirement Date, at his Late Retirement Date).

  (ii)  Normal Retirement Benefit.  Each Sylvester Member shall be entitled to
  a monthly retirement benefit commencing on his Normal Retirement Date equal
  to:

  (1)  the Member's frozen accrued benefit under the Sylvester Plan converted
  using the Sylvester Plan's actuarial assumptions to a 5-year certain and life
  monthly retirement income, plus

  (2)  (A)  46% of such Member's Average Monthly Earnings, multiplied by

       (B)  an accrual fraction equal to the Member's Years of Service
       completed after March 1, 2004, divided by the Member's Years of Service
       at his Normal Retirement Date, if he were to live and remain in the
       employ of the Employer until his Normal Retirement Date (excluding any
       years of service performed for Sylvester), multiplied by

       (C)  an accrual fraction equal to the Member's Years of Service at his
       Normal Retirement Date not in excess of 25, divided by 25.

Provided however, that in no event shall the application of this Section
3.2(d)(ii) result in a Sylvester Member's Accrued Benefit on or after March
1, 2004, being less than such Sylvester Member's Accrued Benefit determined
as of February 27, 2004 based upon such Sylvester Member's Years of Service
and Average Monthly Earnings as of February 27, 2004.

16

(e)  Retired Members Entitled to Greater of Past or Current Benefit Formula.
For Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 1990, any Member who terminated
employment prior to 1988 and who is entitled to a retirement benefit shall
have his retirement benefit recomputed under both the pre-1988 benefit
formula contained in Section 3.2(a) and the post-1987 benefit formula
contained in Section 3.2(b), and shall be entitled to receive, prospectively
from January 1, 1990 forward only, the greater of the retirement benefits
calculated under Sections 3.2(a) or 3.2(b) above.  In no event shall the
recomputation of a Member's retirement benefit cause or permit a Member to
change the method of benefit payment such Member previously elected pursuant
to Section 3.6.

(f)  Form of Normal Retirement Benefit.  The monthly retirement benefit shall
be expressed in the form of a 5-year certain annuity for the life of the
Member, although the actual form of payment shall be in accordance with the
terms of Section 3.6.

(g)  Effective as of January 1, 1989, a Member's benefit under this Section 3.2
shall in no event be less than the Member's early retirement benefit
calculated under Section 3.4.

(h)  Effective as of January 1, 1989 and as applicable to a benefit determined
under Section 3.2(c), if the Member commences benefits under the Plan prior
to the Member's reaching his Social Security Retirement Age (as hereinafter
defined) the .72% excess integration factor in Section 3.2(c) shall be
replaced by .67% if the Social Security Retirement Age is 66 and .62% if the
Social Security Retirement Age is 67.  The "Social Security Retirement Age"
shall be as follows:

  (i)  age 65 is the case of a Member who attains age 62 before January
  1, 2000;

  (ii)  age 66 in the case of  a Member who attains age 62 after December
  31, 1999, but before January 1, 2017; and

  (iii)  age 67 in the case of a Member who attains age 62 after December
  31, 2016.

(i)  Effective as of January 1, 1989, this subsection shall apply to a Member
who is (i) credited with a Year of Service both before 1994 and after 1993; and
(ii) whose annual compensation in one or more Plan Years prior to January 1,
1994 exceeded the limit in Code Section 401(a)(17) in effect on January 1,
1994.  Such Member's benefit under the Plan shall be the greater of:

  (i)  such Member's Accrued Benefit as of December 31, 1993; and

  (ii)  such Member's Accrued Benefit as of his actual date of termination of
  employment or retirement using the benefit formula in Section 3.2(c) based on
  the Member's total Years of Service.

3.3  Late Retirement.  Subject to applicable law and the Employer's personnel
policies, a Member may remain in the employ of the Employer after his Normal
Retirement Date, in which event no Monthly Retirement Income shall be paid
prior to the Member's Late Retirement Date.  If a Member does continue his

17

employment with the Employer beyond his Normal Retirement Date, he shall be
entitled to a monthly retirement benefit, commencing on his Late Retirement
Date, equal to the monthly retirement benefit which he would have received
under Section 3.2 if he had retired on his Normal Retirement Date, taking
into account his Years of Service and Average Monthly Earnings as of his
Normal Retirement Date and assuming that the form of payment ultimately
received under Section 3.6 began as of his Normal Retirement Date; provided,
however, that a Member who is credited with at least one (1) Hour of Service
on or after January 1, 1988, shall be entitled on his Late Retirement Date to
the greater of his Monthly Retirement Income computed in the manner provided
in Section 3.2(b), 3.2(c), or 3.2(d) but by taking into account his Years of
Service, including Years of Service credited after his Normal Retirement
Date, (subject, however, to any applicable Year of Service maximums) and
Average Monthly Earnings as of his Late Retirement Date or the Actuarial
Equivalent of the monthly retirement benefit which he would have received
under Section 3.2 if he had retired on his Normal Retirement Date.  The
monthly retirement benefit shall be expressed in the form of a 5-year certain
annuity for the life of the Member, although the actual form of payment shall
be in accordance with the terms of Section 3.6.

3.4  Early Retirement.  A Member who is at least age 55 and has completed at
least 15 Years of Service shall be eligible for early retirement and thus
shall be fully vested.  If a Member does take early retirement, he shall be
entitled to a monthly retirement benefit, commencing on his Normal Retirement
Date, equal to his Accrued Benefit as of his Early Retirement Date.
Alternatively, if the Member elects to have his monthly retirement benefit
begin before his Normal Retirement Date, such Member shall be entitled to a
monthly retirement benefit equal to the monthly retirement benefit which would
otherwise commence as of his Normal Retirement Date, reduced by five twelfths
(5/12ths) of one percent (1%) for each month that the commencement date of such
payments precedes the Member's Normal Retirement Date.  All such monthly
benefits shall be computed to the nearest dollar, with fifty cents ($.50)
being regarded as the next higher dollar.  The monthly retirement benefit
shall be expressed in the form of a 5-year certain annuity for the life of
the Member, although the actual form of payment shall be elected in
accordance with the terms of Section 3.6.

3.5  Disability Retirement.  If a Member becomes Totally and Permanently
Disabled after completing at least 10 Years of Service, and if he remains
Totally and Permanently Disabled until his Normal Retirement Date, such
Member shall be entitled to a monthly retirement benefit, commencing on his
Normal Retirement Date, computed as of the date such Member incurs a Total and
Permanent Disability, in an amount equal to the monthly retirement benefit to
which he would have been entitled under Section 3.2 if he had continued to
work until his Normal Retirement Date and his Average Monthly Earnings
continued at the same level as in effect at the time of the Total and Permanent
Disability.

Total and Permanent Disability shall be considered to have ended and
entitlement to a disability retirement pension shall cease if, prior to his
Normal Retirement Date, the Member is reemployed by the Employer or loses his
entitlement to payments under all Employer-sponsored long-term disability
insurance programs under which he was covered at the time of his Total and
Permanent Disability.  If entitlement to a disability retirement pension
ceases in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph for a reason other
than reemployment by the Employer, such Member shall not be prevented from
qualifying for a Monthly Retirement Income under another provision of the

                                     18

Plan, based upon his Years of Service, Average Monthly Earnings, and age at
the time of disability retirement, but such Member's period of Total and
Permanent Disability shall not be counted in calculating his Years of
Service.  If a Member recovers from Total and Permanent Disability and
returns to employment with the Employer, his subsequent entitlement to a
Monthly Retirement Income shall be determined in accordance with the
provisions of the Plan, based upon his Years of Service, Average Monthly
Earnings, and age, and the period of Total and Permanent Disability shall be
counted in calculating his Years of Service.

3.6  Method of Payment of Retirement Benefits.

(a)  Monthly Retirement Benefit of the Normal Form.  Except as otherwise
provided with respect to married Members in Section 3.6(b) and the election of
an optional form of payment in Section 3.6(c), a Member entitled to retirement,
termination or disability benefits hereunder shall receive such benefits in
the form of a 5-year certain annuity for the lifetime of the Member.

(b)  Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity for Married Participants.  Benefits
of any Member who has an Eligible Spouse on the Annuity Starting Date shall be
paid, unless the Member otherwise elects in the manner set forth below, in
the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, which shall be the
Actuarial Equivalent of the normal form of monthly retirement benefit,
providing periodic payments for the life of the Member with a fifty percent
(50%) contingent survivor annuity for the benefit of his Eligible Spouse.
The Plan Administrator shall establish an election period of at least ninety
(90) days prior to the date on which Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity
payments are to commence and shall provide each Member with a notice in
writing of his option to elect not to receive his benefits in the form of a
Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity.  Such notice shall also contain an
explanation of the requirement of a written consent by the Member's Eligible
Spouse as to any such election.  Such notice shall contain an explanation of
the terms and conditions of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity and the
financial effect upon his annuity payments of making the election not to
receive a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity.  Any such election is
revocable by the Member if revoked in a writing delivered to the Plan
Administrator within such election period.

  (i)  An election by a married Member to receive his retirement benefits in a
  form other than a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity shall not take effect
  unless:

  (1)  the Member's Eligible Spouse consents in writing to such election, and
  the Eligible Spouse's consent acknowledges the effect of such election and is
  witnessed by a notary public or an official designated by the Plan
  Administrator; or

  (2)  it is established to the satisfaction of the Plan Administrator that the
  Eligible Spouse's consent cannot be obtained because there is no Eligible
  Spouse, because the Eligible Spouse cannot be located, or because of such
  other circumstances as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe by
  Regulations.

19

Consent by an Eligible Spouse, or establishment that an Eligible Spouse's
consent cannot be obtained, shall be effective only with respect to such
individual spouse.

(c)  Election of Optional Forms of Payment.  A Member entitled to benefits
payable in the form of equal monthly installments for such Member's life or a
married Member's electing (with the written consent of such Member's Eligible
Spouse) not to receive a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, may elect to
have his retirement benefit payable under one of the Optional Forms of Payment,
set forth below, which is the Actuarial Equivalent of his Normal Retirement
Benefit pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof:

  (i)  An annuity for the Member's life alone;

  (ii)  An annuity for the Member's life, with payments guaranteed for 5 or 10
        years; or

  (iii)  An annuity for the Member's life, with a survivor annuity for the
         Member's Eligible Spouse which is 100% or 75% of the annuity which is
         payable during the joint lives of the Member and his Eligible Spouse.

(d)  Lump Sum Cash-Out Distribution.  Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Section 3.6, if the Actuarial Equivalent present value of the Member's
benefit is less than  $5,000, and if benefit payments have not begun and the
Member's Annuity Starting Date has not been reached, the Plan Administrator
shall distribute such benefits in a lump sum to the Member or his
Beneficiary.  For these purposes, the present value of the Member's Monthly
Retirement Income shall be calculated in accordance with Section 5.5 of the
Plan.  In the event of a distribution under this Section 3.6(d) in excess of
$1,000, if the Member does not elect to have such distribution paid directly
to an Eligible Retirement Plan specified by the Member in a Direct Rollover
in accordance with Section 11.17 or to receive the distribution directly,
then the Plan Administrator will pay the distribution in a Direct Rollover to
an Eligible Retirement Plan designated by the Plan Administrator.

(e)  Election Period - Any election of a payment option other than a Qualified
Joint and Survivor Annuity (or a revocation of same) by a Member must be made
in writing filed with the Plan Administrator within an election period
commencing on the date which is nine (9) months prior to the Member's
retirement date and terminating sixty (60) days prior to the date upon which
his benefits actually commence (the "Election Period").  Information
pertaining to this election shall be delivered to the Member on or before the
commencement date of the Election Period.  The Member must request any
additional information he may desire within a sixty (60) day period
commencing on the date this information is mailed or delivered to him.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 3.6(e) to the contrary, the Election
Period shall in all cases include the sixty-day period following the date
upon which the additional information timely requested by a Member was mailed
or delivered to him.

Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph or Section 3.6(b), effective January
1, 1997, the written explanation described in Code Section 417(a)(3)(A) may
be provided after the Annuity Starting Date.  The 90-day applicable election
period to waive the Joint and Survivor Annuity described in Code Section
417(a)(6)(A) shall not end before the 30th day after the date on which such

                                     20

explanation is provided.  The Secretary of the Treasury may, by regulations,
limit the period of time by which the Annuity Starting Date precedes the
provision of the written explanation other than by providing that the Annuity
Starting Date may not be earlier than termination of employment.

Effective January 1, 1997, a Member may elect (with any applicable spousal
consent) to waive any requirement that the written explanation be provided at
least 30 days before the Annuity Starting Date (or to waive the 30-day
requirement under the above paragraph) if the distribution commences more
than 7 days after such explanation is provided.

(f)  Death After Commencement of Benefits.  If the Member dies after the
commencement of the distribution of benefits but prior to the distribution of
all benefits payable under the respective settlement option, the distribution
shall continue to the Beneficiary pursuant to the form of payment selected by
the Member under this Section 3.6.

3.7  Suspension Of Benefits.  Except as provided in Section 3.5, if a Retired or
Terminated Member is receiving benefit payments from or on behalf of the Plan
on account of such retirement or termination, such benefit payments shall
immediately cease upon re-employment, and, except as provided in Section 5.4,
the total benefits theretofore paid to such Member shall actuarially reduce
any subsequent benefit payments which may be due or may become due to such
Member under the Plan.  Any benefits thereafter payable to such Member shall
be paid as otherwise provided in the Plan.  No payment will be withheld under
this Section unless the Plan notifies the Participant, in accordance with the
requirements of ERISA Section 203(a)(3)(B) and the regulations thereunder,
that such Member's benefits are suspended.  To the extent required by ERISA,
this Section 3.7 shall apply to Members who continue employment past their
Normal Retirement Date as provided in Section 3.3.

21

ARTICLE IV

                                DEATH BENEFITS

4.1  Incidental Death Benefits for Eligible Spouse.

(A)  If a Member dies while actively employed and prior to becoming a Retired
Member or Terminated Member and prior to the commencement of benefits
pursuant to Article III or V, Death Benefits shall be payable to the deceased
Member's Eligible Spouse, if any.  The surviving Eligible Spouse may elect
between the following:

  (i)  A monthly retirement benefit, commencing on what would have been the
  Member's Normal Retirement Date (or his Late Retirement Date if the Member
  works beyond his Normal Retirement Date), equal to the amount which would
  have been payable to the Spouse under the Qualified Joint and Survivor
  Annuity provided in Section 3.6(b) if the Member had terminated his
  employment on the date of his death, had then lived until his Normal
  Retirement Date and begun to receive Monthly Retirement Income in the form of
  a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity on that date, and had died on the day
  after the commencement of benefits; or

  (ii)  a monthly retirement benefit, commencing on the first day of any month
  on or after what would have been the Member's 55th birthday and before what
  would have been the Member's Normal Retirement date, equal to the amount
  which would have been payable to the Eligible Spouse under the Qualified
  Joint and Survivor Annuity provided in Section 3.6(b) if the Member had
  terminated his employment on the date of his death, had then lived until the
  date on which benefits actually commence under this item (ii) and had begun
  to receive Monthly Retirement Income in the form of a Qualified Joint and
  Survivor Annuity on that date, and had died on the day after the commencement
  of benefits.

In the absence of an affirmative written election by the Spouse, Death
Benefits shall be payable to the surviving Eligible Spouse in accordance with
item (i), above, if the Member dies on or after his Normal Retirement Date.
Otherwise, Death Benefits shall be payable in accordance with item (ii),
above, with the payment of benefits commencing on the first day of the month
coincident with or immediately following the Member's 55th birthday if he
dies before age 55 or commencing on the first day of the month coincident
with or immediately following the date of the Member's death if he was at
least age 55 at the time of his death.

All such monthly benefits shall be computed to the nearest dollar, with fifty
cents ($.50) being regarded as the next higher dollar.  The monthly
retirement benefit shall continue for the life of the Spouse alone.  The
death of the Spouse, whether before or after the commencement of monthly
benefits, shall terminate the right to any Death Benefits for any month after
the Spouse's death.

(b)  Lump Sum Cash-Out Distribution.  Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Section 4.1 to the contrary, if the Actuarial Equivalent present value of

22

the Member's Death Benefits are less than $5,000, and if benefit payments have
not begun and the Member's Annuity Starting Date has not been reached, the
Plan Administrator, shall distribute such Death Benefits in a lump sum to the
surviving Eligible Spouse of the deceased Member.  For these purposes, the
present value of the Member's Death Benefits shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 5.5 hereof.

4.2  No Death Benefits in Absence of Surviving Eligible Spouse.  If a deceased
Member is not survived by an Eligible Spouse, no Death Benefits shall be
payable under this Plan with respect to a deceased Member who is not a
Retired Member or Terminated Member at the time of his death and who is not
eligible for retirement under Sections 3.2, 3.3, or 3.4 at the time of his
death.  If a deceased Member who is not survived by an Eligible Spouse and
who is not a Retired Member or Terminated Member, would have been eligible
for normal, late or early retirement under Sections 3.2, 3.3, or 3.4,
respectively, at the time of his death, his Beneficiary shall receive as
Death Benefits a monthly amount for 60 months equal to the monthly retirement
benefit which the Member would have received if he had retired as of the date
of his death and had begun to receive Monthly Retirement Income in the form
of a 5-year certain annuity for the life of the Member, commencing on the
first day of the month following the month in which his death occurs.

23

ARTICLE V

                     VESTING AND TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

Vested Interest.  Whenever a Member, for reasons other than actual retirement
under Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, or 3.5 hereof or death under Article IV, incurs
a one year Break in Service, he shall cease to be an active Member and shall
become a Terminated Member.  Subject to the limitations and restrictions of
Article VI, each Terminated Member who is not thereafter credited with any
additional Year(s) of Service shall be entitled at his Normal Retirement Date
to receive Monthly Retirement Income equal to the vested percentage of his
Accrued Benefit as of his date of termination.

The vested percentage of any Terminated Member who is credited with at least
one (1) Hour of Service on or after January 1, 1989, shall be determined in
accordance with the following schedule:

     Completed Years of Service      Vested Percentage
            Less than 5                       0%
             5 or more                      100%

The vested percentage of any Terminated Member who is not credited with at
least one (1) Hour of Service on or after January 1, 1989 shall be determined
pursuant to the terms of the Plan as it existed on the date of the Terminated
Member's termination of employment.

The nonvested portion of the Terminated Member's Accrued Benefit shall
constitute a Forfeiture as of the last day of the Plan Year in which such
Terminated Member's employment with the Employer terminates if the Member has
no vested interest in his Accrued Benefit, or upon the earlier to occur of a
fifth consecutive Break in Service or a distribution of any portion his
vested Accrued Benefit if the Member does have a vested interest in his
Accrued Benefit.  Any such Forfeiture shall serve to reduce the Employer's
contributions required under Article VII.  In the event a distribution is
made, the relevant Member shall be afforded the Buy-Back option described in
Section 5.4 of the Plan.

If a Terminated Member has completed at least 15 Years of Service as of the
date of termination, then he shall be entitled to elect in writing to receive
Monthly Retirement Income, commencing on or after the first day of the month
on or after the Member's 55th birthday and before his Normal Retirement Date,
equal to the amount otherwise payable at his Normal Retirement Date, reduced
by 5/12ths of 1% for each month that the commencement of benefits precedes
his Normal Retirement Date.

5.2  Method of Payment of Benefits to Member Separating from Service before
Retirement Date.  If the Member separates from service before retirement or
death, the settlement options available to the Member will depend upon the
Member's marital status as of the date on which benefit payments commence or
on which the Member dies.

(a)  If the Member then has an Eligible Spouse, the vested portion of his
benefit will be paid in the form of a Qualified 50% Joint and Survivor Annuity

24

as described in Section 3.6(b) unless the Member and his Eligible Spouse
pursuant to the spousal consent requirements in Section 3.6(b)(2), elect to
have the vested portion of his benefits paid in the form of a 5-year certain
annuity.  Payments under such Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or
straight life annuity shall in fact commence as of the Member's Normal
Retirement Date or, if the Member has completed at least 15 Years of Service
as of his date of termination and so elects in writing, on the first day of
any month on or after the Member's 55th birthday and before his Normal
Retirement Date.  If the Member dies before the commencement of benefits, a
50% survivor annuity equal to the amount which would be payable to the
surviving Eligible Spouse under a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity (as
though the Member had lived and begun to receive a Qualified Joint and
Survivor Annuity on the commencement date) shall be payable to the Surviving
Eligible Spouse.  The commencement date of this 50% survivor annuity shall be
the first day of the month coincident with or immediately following the later
of the Member's 55th birthday or his date of death if he has completed at
least 15 Years of Service as of his date of termination and otherwise shall
be the Member's Normal Retirement Date.  The death of the surviving Eligible
Spouse shall terminate the right to any annuity payments for any month after
the surviving Eligible Spouse's death.

(b)  If the Member does not have an Eligible Spouse, the Member shall receive
the vested portion of his Accrued Benefit in the form of a 5-year certain
annuity for the life of the Member, commencing on the Member's Normal
Retirement Date.  Alternatively, if the Member has completed at least 15 Years
of Service as of his date of termination and so elects in writing, the monthly
benefit otherwise payable to the Member at the time of his Normal Retirement
Date, reduced by five twelfths (5/12ths) of one percent (1%) for each month
that the commencement of benefits precedes his Normal Retirement Date, shall
be payable in the form of a 5-year certain annuity for the life of the
Member, commencing on the first day of any month on or after the Member's
55th birthday and before his Normal Retirement Date.  The Terminated Member's
death prior to the commencement of benefits shall terminate any right to
benefits under this Plan with respect to that Terminated Member.

5.3  Lump Sum Cash-Out Distribution.  Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Section 5.3 to the contrary, if the Actuarial Equivalent present value of
the vested portion of a Member's Accrued Benefit is less than $5,000, and if
benefit payments have not begun and the Annuity Starting Date of the relevant
Member has not been reached, the Plan Administrator shall distribute such
amount in a lump sum to the Member or the Beneficiary of a deceased Member.
For these purposes, the present value of the vested portion of the Member's
Accrued Benefit shall be calculated in accordance with Section 5.5 hereof.

5.4  Buy-Back.  If a Member who has received a distribution pursuant to
Section 5.3 is subsequently reemployed and again becomes a Member of this Plan,
the calculation of his Accrued Benefit and his Monthly Retirement Income shall
be reduced by the Actuarial Equivalent of such cash-out unless the amount of
such payment is repaid to the Trust Fund, plus interest at 5% per annum
between the date of payment and the date of repayment.  This 5% interest rate
shall automatically be adjusted to reflect any regulation or ruling issued
under Code Section 411(c)(2)(D) which changes such interest rate.  If such
amount (plus interest) is repaid, the Member's Accrued Benefits shall not be
reduced by the Actuarial Equivalent of the cash-out.

25

5.5  Determination Of Present Value

(a)  In General.  For purposes of determining whether the present value of (1)
a Member's Vested Accrued Benefit, (2) a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity
within the meaning of Section 417 of the Code, or (3) a Qualified Pre-
Retirement Survivor Annuity within the meaning of Section 417 of the Code
exceeds $5,000, the present value of such benefits or annuities shall be
calculated in accordance with the provisions of Section 1.2 of the Plan.

(b)  Minimum Value.  In no event shall the present value of any benefit or
annuity determined under Section 5.5(a) be less than the greater of:

  (i)  The present value of such benefit or annuity using the Plan provisions
  (other than this Section 5.5) for determining the present value of accrued
  benefits or annuities, or

  (ii)  The present value of such benefits or annuities determined under
  Section 5.5(a) before application of this subsection (b).

(c)  Coordination with Limitations on Contributions and Benefits.  In no event
shall the amount of any benefit or annuity determined under this Section 5.5
exceed the maximum benefit permitted under Code Section 415.

26

ARTICLE VI

                   LIMITATIONS ON BENEFITS, NON-DISTRIBUTION
                        ALIENATION AND ASSIGNMENT, AND
                               RIGHTS OF MEMBERS

6.1  Limitation on Benefits.

(a)  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the benefits computed
under Article III shall be subject to the following limitations: The maximum
benefit, when expressed as an annual benefit, shall not exceed the lesser of
$170,000 (subject to cost of living adjustments under Code Section 415(d)) or
100% of the Member's average annual Earnings for his three highest
consecutive years, subject to the following:

  (i)  The maximum limitation shall apply to a straight life annuity, with no
  ancillary benefits;

  (ii)  If benefits begin prior to the Member's Social Security Retirement Age
  (as hereinafter defined), the maximum will be adjusted so that it is the
  Actuarial Equivalent of an annual benefit of $170,000, multiplied by the cost
  of living adjustment factor prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under
  Code Section 415(d) for years beginning after December 31, 1987.  The "Social
  Security Retirement Age" shall be the age used as the retirement age for the
  Member under Section 216(1) of the Social Security Act, except that such
  section shall be applied without regard to the age increase factor, and as if
  the early retirement age under Section 215(1)(2) of such Act were 62.

  (iii)  If benefits begin after a Member's Social Security Retirement Age, the
  maximum shall be adjusted so that it is the Actuarial Equivalent of $7,500
  per month beginning at the Social Security Retirement Age, multiplied by the
  cost of living adjustment factor prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury
  under Code Section 415(d) for years beginning after December 31, 1987, based
  on the lesser of the interest rate assumption used under the Plan or on an
  assumption of five percent (5%) per year. Effective as of January 1, 2000,
  the benefits paid in accordance with this Section shall be adjusted for the
  repeal of Code Section 415(e) provided that no increase in benefit is
  permitted to reflect the difference between the limitation of Code Section
  415(b) and Code Section 415(e) for the prior limitation years.

  (iv)  If the Employee has completed less than ten years of participation in
  the Plan, the Member's Accrued Benefit shall not exceed the maximum
  multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant's number
  of years (or part thereof) of participation in the Plan, and the denominator
  of which is ten.

  (v)  The maximum amount of $170,000 shall be increased as permitted by
  Internal Revenue Service Regulations to reflect cost-of-living adjustments
  above the base period and from and after January 1, 2005 the benefit paid to
  any Participant who is in payment status will be adjusted as of the first day
  of each limitation year for the increase, if any, in the dollar limitation
  indexed under Code Section 415(d).

27

(vi)  In addition to other limitations set forth in the Plan and
  notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, the Accrued Benefit,
  including the right to any optional benefit provided in the Plan (and all
  other defined benefit plans required to be aggregated with this Plan under
  the provisions of Code Section 415), shall not increase to an amount in
  excess of the amount permitted under Code Section 415.

(b)  Effective as of the first day of the first limitation year beginning on or
after January 1, 2000 (the "effective date"), and notwithstanding any other
provision of the Plan, the Accrued Benefit for any Participant shall be
determined by applying the terms of the Plan implementing the limitations of
Code Section 415 as if the limitations of Code Section 415 continued to
include the limitations of Code Section 415(e) as in effect on the day
immediately prior to the effective date.  For this purpose, the defined
contribution fraction is set equal to the defined contribution fraction as of
the day immediately prior to the effective date.

Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, the preceding
provision does not apply to any Employee participating in the Plan who has
completed one Hour of Service on or after January 1, 2000.

(c)  In the event that a Member's benefits under this Plan and any other plan
exceed the limitations specified in Section 6.1(a) or (b), appropriate
reductions in such benefits shall be made by the Plan Administrator in the
following order:

  (i)  First, any benefits from this Plan, and

  (ii)  to the extent that additional reductions are necessary, such reductions
   shall be made to any defined contribution plan maintained by the Employer.

(d)  For purposes of this Section 6.1, the following definitions and rules of
interpretation shall apply:

  (i)  "Projected Annual Benefit" means the Annual Benefit to which a
  Participant would be entitled under a defined benefit plan (after giving
  effect to any limitation on such benefit contained in such plan that may be
  applicable to the Member) on the assumptions that he continues Employment
  until his Normal Retirement Date thereunder, that his Compensation continues
  at the same rate as in effect for the Plan Year under consideration until
  such Normal Retirement Date, and that all other relevant factors used to
  determine benefits under such Plan remain constant for all future Plan Years.

  (ii)  The "Annual Addition" of a Member means amounts treated as Employer
  contributions, plus the Member's contributions (if any), provided that for
  Plan Years ending before December 31, 1986, only the lesser of: (1) the
  portion of this Participant contributions (if any) during such year in excess
  of 6% of his compensation, within the meaning of Code Section 415(c)(3), or
  (2) one-half of his Member contributions during such Year shall be treated as
  Annual Additions.  With respect to defined contribution plans under which
  forfeitures can occur, Annual Additions shall also include any forfeitures
  allocable during the Plan Year.  Further, amounts allocated in Plan Years
  beginning after March 31, 1984, to an individual medical account, as defined

28

in Code Section 415(1), which is part of a defined benefit plan maintained by
  the Employer shall be treated as Annual Additions to a defined contribution
  plan.  Also, amounts derived from contributions paid or accrued after
  December 31, 1985, which are attributable to post-retirement medical benefits
  allocated to the separate account of a Key Employee, under a welfare benefit
  fund, as defined in Code Section 419(e), maintained by the Employer, shall be
  treated as Annual Additions to a defined contribution plan.  In no event
  shall this be construed as applying the limitations of Code Section
  415(c)(l)(B) to individual medical accounts or postretirement medical
  benefits.

  (iii)  The "Annual Benefit" of a Member means the annual amount payable
  under a defined benefit plan computed in accordance with the following rules:

  (1)  where the benefit payable under a defined benefit plan is other than in
  the form of either a straight life annuity or a qualified joint and survivor
  annuity within the meaning of Code Section 401(a)(11)(G)(iii), it shall be
  adjusted to the Actuarial Equivalent benefit in the form of a straight life
  annuity on the basis of reasonable actuarial assumptions;

  (2)  in the case of a benefit under a defined benefit plan which begins
  before age 62, such benefit shall be adjusted to the Actuarial Equivalent of
  a benefit commencing at age 62 on the basis of reasonable actuarial
  assumptions;

  (3)  in the case of a benefit under a defined case benefit plan which begins
  after age 65, such benefit shall be adjusted to the Actuarial Equivalent of a
  benefit commencing at age 65 on the basis of reasonable actuarial
  assumptions.  The adjustment described in (2) above shall not increase the
  value of a Member's Annual Benefit above $170,000 (this amount shall be
  adjusted automatically in accordance with regulations promulgated by the
  Secretary of Treasury) if the Participant's benefit under the defined benefit
  plan does not exceed $75,000 commencing at or after age 55, or the Actuarial
  Equivalent of $75,000 at age 55 in the case of a benefit commencing before
  age 55.

  (4)  "Dollar Limitation" means the limitation provided in Code Section
  415(c)(l)(A) (adjusted in accordance with regulations of the Secretary of the
  Treasury) as in effect for the particular Plan Year.

  (5)  "Prior Year" means a year, preceding the current Plan Year, in which the
  Participant was in the service of the Employer.  For purposes of the
  preceding sentence, year shall mean (in the event the Plan was in existence
  during such year) a Plan Year, or (in the event the Plan was not in existence

29

during such year) a 12-month period which begins and ends on the same dates
  as the Plan Year.

  (6)  For purposes of computing the maximum allocation under either Section
  6.1(a) or Section 6.1(b), all defined benefit plans (whether or not
  terminated) of the Employer shall be treated as one defined benefit plan, and
  all defined contribution plans as defined in Code Section 414(i) (whether or
  not terminated) of the Employer shall be treated as one defined contribution
  plan.

  (7)  For purposes of Section 6.1(b)(i)(l) and (b)(ii)(l), if the Plan is a
  Top Heavy Plan, in computing the aggregate limitation on benefits and
  contributions for an Employee who participates in defined contribution and
  defined benefit plans of the Employer which are included in a Top Heavy Plan
  group, "1.0" shall be substituted for "1.25" in Section 6.1(b)(i)(l) and
  (b)(ii)(l), provided that such substitution shall not occur if the sum of the
  benefits of Key Employees in all defined contribution and defined benefits
  plans of the Employer does not exceed 90% of the total of the benefits of all
  Members, and the Employer provides either: (1) an additional benefit for non-
  key employee Members in the defined benefit plan equal to the lesser of: one
  percent (1%) of each such employee's average annual compensation multiplied
  by each such employee's years of service, or ten percent (10%) of such
  average annual compensation; or (2) an additional minimum contribution for
  non-key employee participants in the defined contribution plan equal to one
  percent (1%) of each such Member's compensation for such year.

(e)  EGTRRA Limitation on Benefits.

  (i)  This Section 6(e) shall be effective for limitation years ending after
  December 31, 2001, and thus effective as of January 1, 2002.

  (ii)  Effect on Members.  Benefit increases resulting from the increase in
  the limitations of Code Section 415(b) shall be provided to all Members who
  are Members and who have one Hour of Service on or after January 1, 2002.

  (iii)  Definitions.

  (1)  Defined benefit dollar limitation.  The "defined benefit dollar
  limitation" is $160,000, as adjusted, effective January 1 of each year, under
  Code Section 415(d) in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury shall

30

prescribe, and payable in the form of a straight life annuity.  A limitation
  as adjusted under Code Section 415(d) will apply to limitation years ending
  with or within the calendar year for which the adjustment applies. Effective
  January 1, 2005, the "defined benefit dollar limitation" is $170,000.

  (2)  Maximum permissible benefit.  The "maximum permissible benefit" is the
  defined benefit dollar limitation (adjusted where required, as provided in
  (A) and, if applicable, in (B) or (C) below, and limited, if applicable, as
  provided in (D) below).

  (A)  If the Member has fewer than 10 years of participation in the Plan, the
  defined benefit dollar limitation shall be multiplied by a fraction, the
  numerator of which is the number of years (or part thereof) of participation
  in the Plan and the denominator of which is 10.  In the case of a Member who
  has fewer than 10 Years of Service with the Employer, the defined benefit
  compensation limitation shall be multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator
  of which is the number of Years (or part thereof) of Service with the
  Employer and (ii) the denominator of which is 10.

  (B)  If the benefit of a Member begins prior to age 62, the defined benefit
  dollar limitation applicable to the Member at such earlier age is an annual
  benefit payable in the form of a straight life annuity beginning at the
  earlier age that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the defined benefit dollar
  limitation applicable to the Member at age 62 (adjusted under (A) above, if
  required).  The defined benefit dollar limitation applicable at an age prior
  to age 62 is determined as the lesser of (1) the Actuarial Equivalent (at
  such age) of the defined benefit dollar limitation computed using the
  interest rate and mortality table (or other tabular factor) specified in the
  Plan, and (2) the Actuarial Equivalent (at such age) of the defined benefit
  dollar limitation computed using a 5% interest rate and the applicable
  mortality table as specified in Section 1.2 of the Plan.  Any decrease in the
  defined benefit dollar limitation determined in accordance with this
  paragraph (B) shall not reflect a mortality decrement if benefits are not
  forfeited upon the death of the Member.  If any benefits are forfeited upon
  death, the full mortality decrement is taken into account.

31

(C)  If the benefit of a Member begins after the Member attains age 65, the
  defined benefit dollar limitation applicable to the Member at the later age
  is the annual benefit payable in the form of a straight life annuity
  beginning at the later age that is the Actuarial Equivalent to the defined
  benefit dollar limitation applicable to the Member at age 65 (adjusted under
  (A) above, if required).  The Actuarial Equivalent of the defined benefit
  dollar limitation applicable at an age after age 65 is determined as (1) the
  lesser of the Actuarial Equivalent (at such age) of the defined benefit
  dollar limitation computed using the interest rate and mortality table (or
  other tabular factor) specified in the Plan, and (2) the Actuarial Equivalent
  (at such age) of the defined benefit dollar limitation computed using a 5%
  interest rate and the applicable mortality table specified in Section 1.2 of
  the Plan.  For these purposes, mortality between age 65 and the age at which
  benefits commence shall be ignored.

6.2  Special Rules for Benefits Payable to Highly Compensated Employees.

(a)  An Employee shall be deemed an "Affected Employee" subject to this Section
6.2 if he is a Highly Compensated Employee, and is one of the twenty-five
(25) Employees paid the greatest compensation in the current or any prior
Plan Year.

(b)  In the event of Plan termination, the benefit of any Affected Employee is
limited to a benefit that is nondiscriminatory under Code Section 401(a)(4).

(c)  The annual payments to an Affected Employee are restricted to an amount
equal to the payment that would be made on behalf of the Affected Employee
under (i) a  single life annuity that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the sum
of the Affected Employee's Accrued Benefit and other benefits payable to the
Affected Employee under the Plan, and (ii) the amount of the payments that
the Affected Employee is entitled to receive under a social security
supplement.  The restrictions in this paragraph do not apply, however, if:

  (i)  After payment to an Affected Employee of all benefits payable to the
  Affected Employee under the Plan, the value of  plan assets equals or
  exceeds 110% of the value of current liabilities, as defined in Code Section
  412(l)(7),

  (ii)  The value of benefits payable to the Affected Employee under the Plan
  is less than 1 percent of the value of current liabilities before
  distribution, or

32

(iii)  The value of the benefits payable to  the Affected Employee under the
  Plan does not exceed the amount described in Code Section 411(a)(11)(A).

For purposes of subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above the value of Plan
assets and the value of current liabilities must be determined as of the same
date.  For purposes of this subsection, the term "benefit" includes, among
other benefits, loans in excess of the amounts set forth in Code Section
72(p)(2)(A), any periodic income, any withdrawal values payable to a living
employee, and any death benefits not provided for by insurance on the
Employee's life.

6.3  No Assignment of Benefits.  None of the benefits under the Plan shall be
subject to the claims of creditors of Members, Terminated Members, Retired
Members, Eligible Spouses, or Beneficiaries, and such benefits shall not be
subject to attachment, garnishment, or any other legal process whatsoever.
No Member, Terminated Member, Retired Member, Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary
may assign, sell, borrow on, or otherwise encumber any of his beneficial
interest in the Plan and Trust Fund, nor shall any such benefits be in any
manner liable for or subject to the deeds, contracts, liabilities,
engagements, or torts of any Member, Terminated Member, Retired Member,
Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary.  If any such Member, Terminated Member,
Retired Member, Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary shall become bankrupt or
attempt to anticipate, sell, alienate, transfer, pledge, assign, encumber, or
charge any benefit specifically provided for herein, or if a court of
competent jurisdiction enters an order purporting to subject such interest to
the claim of any creditor, then such benefit shall be terminated and the
Trustee shall hold or apply such benefit to or for the benefit of such
Member, Terminated member, Retired Member, Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary in
such manner as the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may deem
proper under the circumstances.

However, the foregoing provision against the assignment of a Member' s
benefit under the Plan shall not apply in the case of (i) qualified domestic
relations order  which is determined by the Plan Administrator to meet the
requirements of Code Section 414(p), or (ii) the Member's liability to the
Plan due to: (A) the Member's conviction of a crime involving the Plan, (B) a
judgment, consent order, or decree in action for violation of fiduciary
standards, or (C) a settlement involving the Department of Labor or Pension
Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

6.4  Commencement of Benefits.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary,
the payment of benefits to the Member shall begin not later than 60 days after
the last day of the Plan Year in which the latest of (a), (b), or (c) occurs:

(a)  The Member's Normal Retirement Date;

(b)  The 10th anniversary of the date on which such Member first becomes a
Member; or

(c)  The date on which such Member terminates his service with the Employer.

Otherwise, the payment of benefits shall commence as of any earlier date
specified in this Plan. Payment of a Member's benefits shall commence not
later than April 1 of the calendar year that follows:

33

(i)  for a Member who is a 5% owner (as defined in Code Section 416(i)(1)),
  the calendar year in which the Member reaches age 701/2, and

  (ii)  for each other Member, the later of the calendar year in which the
  Member (i) reaches age 701/2, or (ii) retires.

Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, all distributions
from the Plan shall be made in accordance with the requirements of the
regulations under Code Section 401(a)(9), including the minimum incidental
benefit distribution requirements under Section 1.401(a)(9)-2 of the Proposed
Regulations.  With respect to distributions under the Plan made for calendar
years beginning on or after January 1, 2001, the Plan will apply the minimum
distribution requirements of Code Section 401(a)(9) in accordance with
regulations under such section that were proposed on January 17, 2001,
notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary.  This provision
shall continue in effect until the end of the last calendar year beginning
before the effective date of final regulations under Code Section 401(a)(9)
or such other date as may be specified in guidance published by the Internal
Revenue Service.

6.5  Reversion.  Employer contributions are to revert to the Employer under the
following conditions:

(a)  Mistake of Fact.  In the case of an Employer contribution which is made by
the Employer by reason of a mistake of fact, such contribution shall be
returned to the Employer within one year after the payment of the
contribution.

(b)  Disqualification of Plan.  If this Plan does not initially qualify under
Code Section 401(a), Employer contributions attributable to a period for which
the Plan is disqualified shall be returned to the Employer within one year
after the date of denial of qualification of the Plan.

(c)  Nondeductible Contribution.  If any Employer contribution is determined by
the Internal Revenue Service to be nondeductible under Code Section 404, then
such Employer contribution, to the extent that is determined to be
nondeductible, shall be returned to the Employer within one year after the
disallowance of the deduction.

(d)  Plan Termination.  Upon termination of the Plan, as provided in Section
8.6 of the Plan.

34

ARTICLE VII

                        CONTRIBUTIONS BY THE EMPLOYER

7.1  Employer Contributions.  The Plan benefits to Members, Terminated Members,
Retired Members, Spouses, and Beneficiaries of the Plan shall be satisfied to
the extent that contributions by the Employer to the Trust Fund and
investment earnings on the Trust Fund shall so permit.  Employer
contributions during any Plan Year shall be determined by the Board (a) on
the basis of the actuarial statement submitted by the Actuary employed by the
Plan Administrator on behalf of Members, Terminated Members, Retired Members,
Spouses, and Beneficiaries, (b) on the basis of the Plan's investment policy,
and (c) within the range of the minimum and maximum amounts required and
permitted by law, on the basis of the Employer's financial position as
determined by the Board from time to time.  So long as the Plan has not been
terminated or revoked and the Employer is financially able, the contribution
made by the Employer during any Plan Year shall be at least the amount of the
contribution certified by the Actuary as necessary to avoid an accumulated
funding deficiency.

7.2  Funding and Investment Policy.  From time to time, the Plan Administrator
or its delegate shall furnish the Trustee with an estimate of the amounts
required during at least the next three Plan Years to provide benefit
payments to Members, Terminated Members, Retired Members, Eligible Spouses,
and Beneficiaries.  On the basis of this estimate, and also taking into
account estimated administrative expenses of the Plan and any known or
contemplated events that are expected to have significant financial effects
on the Plan, the Trustee shall determine the short-term and long-term
liquidity needs of the Plan.  In addition to making the ultimate investment
decisions, the Trustee shall determine the broad investment policy with
respect to the Plan on the basis of the Plan's liquidity needs, on the basis
of reasonable goals as to the appropriate rate of investment return and
degree of investment risk, and on the basis of the non-binding
recommendations of the Employer.  It is expected that this broad investment
policy shall be revised from time to time to recognize changing conditions.
Alternatively, any or all of the responsibilities allocated to the Trustee in
this Section may be delegated by the Board of Directors to an investment
manager within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(38).

7.3  Payment of Expenses.  All expenses of administering this Plan and the
Trust as may be mutually agreed upon from time to time or that may arise in
connection with the Plan and Trust shall be paid from the Trust Fund, unless
the Employer pays such expenses.

35

ARTICLE VIII

                       AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF PLAN

8.1  Right to Amend.  The Employer reserves the right to amend this Plan or the
Trust, by a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors, without the consent
of any Member, Terminated Member, Retired Member, Eligible Spouse, or
Beneficiary, provided, however, that no amendment of this Plan or the Trust
shall deprive any Member, Terminated Member, Retired Member, Eligible Spouse,
or Beneficiary of any vested equitable interest herein nor shall such
amendment increase the duties and obligations of the Trustee except with its
consent.

8.2  Right to Terminate.  Although it is the intention of the Employer that
this Plan shall be continued and that contributions shall be made regularly
thereto each year, the Employer, by a resolution adopted by the Board of
Directors, may terminate this Plan or permanently discontinue contributions
at any time.

8.3  Allocation upon Termination.  If this Plan is terminated, the value of the
Trust Fund remaining after providing for the expenses of administration of
the Plan and Trust shall be allocated among the Members, Terminated Members,
Retired Members, Eligible Spouses, and Beneficiaries in the order of
precedence and amounts specified in ERISA Section 4044 and the regulations
thereunder.

The allocation of the Trust Fund in accordance with this Section shall be
based on the method of payment of Monthly Retirement Income or Death Benefits
specified in this Plan and shall be calculated as of the date on which this
Plan is terminated.  In the event that the Trust Fund assets on or after the
date of termination are insufficient to fund all benefits within any class,
the benefits of all higher orders of precedence shall be funded, the benefits
of all lower orders of precedence shall be unfunded, and the assets remaining
shall be allocated among the Members of such partially funded class on the
basis of their respective actuarial reserves, subject to the provisions of
ERISA Section 4044 and any regulations thereunder.

8.4  Vesting upon Termination or Partial Termination.  In the event of the
termination of the Plan, the Accrued Benefit as of the date of termination of
each Member who has not terminated his employment as of the date of
termination of the Plan shall be fully vested in his Accrued Benefit.
Similarly, in the event of a partial termination of the Plan, each Member who
is affected by such partial termination shall be fully vested in his Accrued
Benefit.

8.5  Distributions upon Termination.  The Employer shall file timely notice of
the termination with the Internal Revenue Service in order to obtain a
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service that the Plan is
qualified upon termination under Code Section 401(a).  Within a reasonable
period of time following the receipt of a determination letter from the
Internal Revenue Service, the interest of each Member, Terminated Member,
Retired Member, Eligible Spouse or Beneficiary shall be distributable in the
form of a non-transferable annuity commencing at age 62 or 65, which annuity
shall be purchased with the assets allocated for the benefit of such person
upon termination or shall be provided for in some other manner as determined
by the Plan Administrator; provided, however, that each Member may be offered
the option of a lump sum distribution with the consent of his Eligible
Spouse, if any.
                                     36

8.6  Reversions upon Termination.  Any assets remaining after the satisfaction
of all liabilities under the Plan as of the date of termination to Members,
Terminated Members, Retired Members, Eligible Spouses, and Beneficiaries,
which funds remain by reason of erroneous actuarial computation, shall be
returned to the Employer.

37

ARTICLE IX

                              PLAN ADMINISTRATOR

9.1  Designation.  The Employer shall serve as the Plan Administrator, in which
capacity it shall generally have all the powers, duties and responsibilities
as set forth in ERISA.  It is anticipated that the Employer shall delegate
its rights, duties and responsibilities as Plan Administrator to an
administrative committee consisting of one or more persons designated from
time to time by the Board, and the Employer hereby authorizes such
delegation.

The President of the Employer (or in the event of the President's inability
or failure to act, any Vice President of such company) shall certify in
writing to the Trustee, as promptly as practicable after any change in the
membership of the administrative committee, the names of the persons then
serving as members of the committee.  The Trustee shall be entitled to rely
on the names so certified as being the authorized and acting members of the
committee until notified of any change by subsequent certification.

The administrative committee may act at a meeting or by unanimous written
consent without a meeting.  The administrative committee shall elect one of
its members as chairman, appoint a secretary, who may or may not be a
committee member, and advise the Trustee of such actions in writing.  The
secretary shall keep a record of all meetings and forward all necessary
communications to the Employer or the Trustee.  A quorum of the committee
shall consist of not less than two-thirds of the members thereof, and a
majority vote of those present shall control on all matters acted upon at a
meeting of the committee.  A dissenting committee member who, within a
reasonable time after he has knowledge of any action or failure to act by the
majority, registers his dissent in writing delivered to the other committee
members, the Employer, and the Trustee, shall not be responsible for any such
action or failure to act.

9.2  Compensation and Records.  The Plan Administrator shall serve until the
designation of a replacement by the Board of the Employer.  No compensation
shall be paid the Plan Administrator from the Trust Fund for its services.
The Plan Administrator shall keep a permanent record of its actions with
respect to the Plan, which shall be available for inspection by appropriate
parties as provided in the Code and ERISA.

9.3  Duties and Powers; Claims Review Procedures.  Subject to the limitations
of the Plan, the Plan Administrator shall from time to time establish rules for
the administration of the Plan and transaction of its business.  The records
of the Employer, as certified to the Plan Administrator, shall be conclusive
with respect to any and all factual matters dealing with the employment of a
Member.  The Plan Administrator shall have the exclusive discretionary power
to construe and interpret the Plan, and to determine all questions that may
arise thereunder relating to (a) the eligibility of individuals to
participate in the Plan, (b) the amount of benefits to which any Member or
Beneficiary may become entitled hereunder, and (c) any situation not
specifically covered by the provisions of the Plan, and the Plan
Administrator's decisions on such matters shall be final and binding on all
parties.  Any interpretation or determination made pursuant to such
discretionary authority will be upheld on judicial review, unless it is shown
to be in abuse of discretion (i.e., arbitrary and capricious).

                                     38

The Plan Administrator shall pass upon any written claim for benefits under
this Plan, which claim shall be submitted by the Member, Terminated Member,
Retired Member, Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary upon a form furnished to such
claimant by the Plan Administrator.  In the event that the claim of any
person to all or any part of any payment or benefit under this Plan shall be
denied, the Plan Administrator shall provide to the claimant, within 90 days
after receipt of such claim (unless special circumstances require an
extension of time for processing, in which written notice of such extension
shall be provided to the claimant and such decision should be rendered as
soon as possible, but in no event later than 180 days after receipt of such
claim), a written notice setting forth, in a manner calculated to be
understood by the claimant:

(a)  The specific reason or reasons for the denial;

(b)  Specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial
is based;

(c)  A description of any additional material or information necessary for the
claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation as to why such material or
information is necessary; and

(d)  A description of the Plan's review procedures and the time limits
applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the claimant's right
to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse
benefit determination upon review.

Within 60 days after receipt of the above material, the claimant shall have a
reasonable opportunity to appeal the claim denial to the Plan Administrator
for a full and fair review.  The claimant or his duly authorized
representative;

(a)  May request a review upon written notice to the Plan Administrator;

(b)  May review and obtain copies of pertinent documents, records and other
information relevant to the claimant's claim for benefits; and

(c)  May submit issues and comments in writing, documents, records and other
information relating to the claim for benefits.

A decision by the Plan Administrator shall be made not later than 60 days
after receipt of a request for review, unless special circumstances require
an extension of time for processing, in which written notice of such
extension shall be provided to the claimant and such decision should be
rendered as soon as possible, but in no event later than 120 days after
receipt of such claim.  The Plan Administrator's decision on review shall be
written and shall include specific reasons for the decision, written in a
manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, with specific references
to the pertinent Plan provisions on which the decision is based.  The
decision upon review shall also include a statement that the claimant is
entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to,
and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to the
claimant's claim for benefits and a statement of the claimant's right to
bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA.

39

All determinations with respect to questions arising in the administration,
interpretation, and application of the Plan, including the review of denied
claims, shall be conclusive and binding on all persons, subject, however, to
the provisions of the Code and ERISA.

9.4  Authorization of Payments.  The Plan Administrator shall direct the
Trustee in writing to make payments from the Trust Fund to any Member,
Terminated Member, Retired Member, Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary who
qualifies for such payments hereunder.  Such written order to the Trustee
shall specify at least the name of such person, his address, his Social
Security number, and the amount and frequency of such payments.

9.5  No Discrimination.  The Plan Administrator shall not take action or direct
the Trustee to take any action with respect to any of the benefits provided
hereunder or otherwise in pursuance of the powers conferred herein upon the
Plan Administrator which would be discriminatory in favor of Members or
employees who are officers, shareholders, or highly compensated employees or
which would result in benefiting one Member, or group of Members, at the
expense of another, or in the application of different rules to substantially
similar sets of facts.

9.6  Retention of Agents.  The Plan Administrator may delegate its
responsibilities under this Article IX to one or more of its employees and
may employ such counsel, accountants, Actuaries, or other agents as it shall
deem advisable.  The Employer shall pay, or cause to be paid from the Trust
Fund, the compensation of such counsel, accountants, Actuaries, and other
agents and any other expenses incurred by the Plan Administrator in the
administration of the Plan and Trust.

40

ARTICLE X

                          THE TRUST FUND AND TRUSTEE

10.1  General.  The Employer has entered into a Trust Agreement with the
Trustee to hold the funds necessary to provide the benefits as set forth in
this Plan.

10.2  Disposition of Trust Fund.  The Trust Fund shall be received, held in
Trust, and disbursed by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the
Trust Agreement and the provisions as set forth in this Plan.  No part of the
Trust Fund shall be used for, or diverted to, purposes other than for the
exclusive benefit of Members, Terminated Members, Retired Members, Eligible
Spouses, and Beneficiaries under this Plan prior to the satisfaction of all
liabilities hereunder with respect to such persons.  No person shall have any
interest in or right to the Trust Fund or any part thereof, except as
specifically provided for in this Plan or the Trust Agreement.

10.3  Right of Removal.  The Board of the Employer may remove the Trustee at
any time upon the notice required by the terms of the Trust Agreement and, upon
such removal or upon the resignation of the Trustee, the Employer shall
designate and appoint a successor Trustee.

10.4  Powers of Trustee.  The Trustee shall have such powers to hold, invest,
reinvest, control, and disburse funds as at that time shall be set forth in
the Trust Agreement.  In exercising such powers, the Trustee may request
instructions in writing from the Plan Administrator on any matters affecting
the Trust and may rely and act thereon.

10.5  Interest-Bearing Deposit With Employer.  The investment of all or part of
the Trust Fund in deposits which bear a reasonable rate of interest in
Southwest Georgia Bank or any other bank or financial institution which is
supervised by the United States or a State and which is a fiduciary for the
Plan is expressly authorized.

10.6  Integration of Trust Agreement.  The Trust Agreement shall be deemed to
form a part of the Plan, and all rights of Members or others under this Plan
shall be subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement to the extent such
provisions are not contradicted by specific provisions of this Plan.

41

ARTICLE XI

                           MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

11.1  Prohibition Against Diversion.  There shall be no diversion of any
portion of the assets of the Trust Fund other than for the exclusive benefit of
Members, Terminated Members, Retired Members, Eligible Spouses, and
Beneficiaries, except as provided in Section 8.6 at the time of termination of
the Plan and Trust, or except as may otherwise be permissible under the Code
and Regulations issued thereunder.

11.2  Prudent Man Rule.  For purposes of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA, the
Employer, the Trustee, and the Plan Administrator shall each be named
fiduciaries and shall each discharge their respective duties hereunder with
the care, skill, prudence and diligence under the circumstances then prevailing
that a prudent man acting in a like capacity and familiar with such matters
would use in the conduct of an enterprise of a like character and with like
aims.  Without limiting the generality of the above, it is specifically
provided that the appointment and retention of any parties pursuant to
Article IX of the Plan are "duties" of the Employer for purposes of this
Section.

11.3  Responsibilities of Parties.  The Employer shall be responsible for the
administration and management of the Plan except for those duties
specifically allocated to the Trustee or Plan Administrator.  The Trustee
shall have exclusive responsibility for the management and control of the
responsibility for all matters specifically delegated to it by the Employer
in the Plan.  The Employer shall be deemed the Plan Sponsor for all purposes
of ERISA.

11.4  Reports Furnished Members.  The Plan Administrator shall cause to be
furnished to each Member, and to each Terminated Member, Retired Member,
Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary receiving benefits under this Plan, in the
manner and within the time limits specified in the Code and ERISA, each of
the following:

(a)  A summary plan description and periodic revisions;

(b)  Notification of amendments to the Plan; and

(c)  A summary annual report which summarizes the annual report filed with the
Department of Labor.

11.5  Reports Available to Members.  The Plan Administrator shall make copies
of the allowing documents available at the principal office of Employer for
examination by any Member, Terminated Member, Retired Member, Eligible
Spouse, or Beneficiary:

(a)  The Plan and Trust Agreement;

(b)  The summary plan description; and

(c)  The latest annual report.

42

11.6  Reports Upon Request.  The Plan Administrator shall furnish to any
Member, Terminated Member, Retired Member, Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary who
so requests in writing, once during any 12-month period, a statement
indicating, on the basis of the latest available information:

(a)  The total benefits accrued; and

(b)  The nonforfeitable benefits, if any, which have accrued, or the earliest
date on which benefits will become nonforfeitable.

The Plan Administrator shall also furnish to any Member, Terminated Member,
Retired Member, Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary who so requests in writing,
at a reasonable charge to be prescribed by regulation of the Secretary of
Labor, any document referred to in Section 11.5.

11.7  Merger or Consolidation of Employer.  If the Employer is merged or
consolidated with another organization, or another organization acquires all
or substantially all of the Employer's assets, such organization may, but
shall not be required to, become the Employer hereunder by action of its
governing board.  Such change in Employers shall not be deemed a termination
of the Plan by either the predecessor or successor Employer.

11.8  Plan Continuance Voluntary.  Although it is the intention of the Employer
that this Plan shall be continued and its contributions made regularly, this
Plan is entirely voluntary on the part of the Employer, and the continuance
of the Plan and the payments thereunder are not assumed as a contractual
obligation of the Employer.

11.9  Suspension of Contributions.  The Employer specifically reserves the
right, in its sole and uncontrolled discretion, to modify or suspend
contributions to the Plan (in whole or in part) at any time or from time to
time and for any period or periods, or to discontinue at any time the
contributions under this Plan.

11.10  Agreement Not An Employment Contract.  This Plan shall not be deemed to
constitute a contract between the Employer and any Member or to be a
consideration or an inducement for the employment of any Member or Employee.
Nothing contained in this Plan shall be deemed to give any Member or Employee
the right to be retained in the service of the Employer or to interfere with
the right of the Employer to discharge any Member or Employee at any time
regardless of the effect which such discharge shall have upon such individual
as a Member in the Plan.

11.11  Facility of Payments.  In making any distribution to or for the benefit
of any minor or incompetent Member, Terminated Member, Retired Member, Eligible
Spouse, or Beneficiary or for the benefit of any other Member, Terminated
Member, Retired Member, Eligible Spouse, or Beneficiary who, in the opinion
of the Plan Administrator, is incapable of properly using, expending,
investing, or otherwise disposing of such distribution, then the Plan
Administrator, in its sole, absolute, and uncontrolled discretion may, but
need not, order the Trustee to make such distribution to a legal or natural
guardian or other relative of such minor or court appointed committee of any
incompetent, or to any adult with whom such person temporarily or permanently
resides; and any such guardian, committee, relative, or other person shall

43

have full authority and discretion to expend such distribution for the use
and benefit of such person; and the receipt of such guardian, committee,
relative or other person shall be a complete discharge to the Trustee,
without any responsibility on its part or on the part of the Plan
Administrator to see to the application thereof.

11.12  Unclaimed Benefits.  If any benefits payable to, or with respect to, a
Member are not claimed for a period of 7 years from the date of entitlement, as
determined by the Plan Administrator, and following a diligent effort to
locate such person, the person shall be presumed dead and the post-death
benefits, if any under this Plan, shall be paid pursuant to the law of
intestate succession of the State of Georgia, as in effect on the date of
payment, provided that the Member's benefits shall be reinstated in the event
that such person later files claim for such benefits with the Plan
Administrator and in the event that the Member or his Eligible Spouse or
other Beneficiary has not previously received the Actuarial Equivalent of
such benefits.  No benefits shall be paid retroactively to the date of
entitlement if the member cannot be located at such time after a diligent
search but later is found; instead, benefits with respect to such Member
shall be paid prospectively from the first date of the month coincident with
or immediately following the date on which the Member files a claim therefor
with the Plan Administrator.  Nothing in this Section shall be construed to
prohibit the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, from paying benefits
prior to the expiration of such 7-year period to any surviving Eligible
Spouse or other Beneficiary of a Member who cannot be located after a
diligent search has been conducted.

11.13  Governing Law.  This Plan shall be administered in the United States of
America, and its validity, construction, and all rights hereunder shall be
governed by the laws of the United States of America under ERISA.  To the
extent that ERISA shall not be held to have preempted local law, the Plan
shall be administered under the laws of the State of Georgia.  If any
provision of the Plan shall be held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
provisions hereof shall continue to be fully effective.

11.14  Headings No Part of Agreement.  Headings of articles, sections, and
subsections of the Plan are inserted for convenience of reference.  They
constitute no part of the Plan and are not to be considered in the
construction thereof.

11.15  Merger or Consolidation of Plan.  This Plan and Trust shall not be
merged or consolidate with, nor shall any assets or liabilities be transferred
to, any other plan, unless the benefits payable to each Member if the Plan was
terminated immediately after such action would be equal to or greater than
the benefits to which such Member would have been entitled if this Plan had
been terminated immediately before such action.  Effective as of the close of
business on December 31, 2004, the Plan shall accept the merger of the
Sylvester Plan into the Plan, and, as soon as administratively practicable
thereafter, the related trust-to-trust transfer of assets and liabilities, in
accordance with the requirements of Code Section 414(l).  The merger of the
Sylvester Plan with and into the Plan shall not decrease a Member's vested
interest and shall not reduce a Member's benefits in violation of Code
Section 411(d)(6).  The Company and the Plan Administrator shall have the
authority to take such actions as may be necessary to effectuate the merger
of the Sylvester Plan with and into the Plan and the related transfer of
assets and liabilities.
                                     44

11.16  Indemnification.  The Employer hereby agrees to indemnify any Employee
or Member of the Board of the Employer to the full extent of any expenses,
penalties, damages, or other pecuniary loss which such Employee or member may
suffer as a result of his responsibilities, obligations, or duties in
connection with the Plan.  Such indemnification shall be paid by the Employer
to the Employee or member to the extent that fiduciary liability insurance is
not available to cover the payment of such items, but in no event shall such
items be paid out of Plan assets.

11.17  Direct Transfer of Eligible Rollover Distributions.

(a)  Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, with respect to
any distribution made on or after January 1, 1993, a Distributee may elect,
at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Plan Administrator, to have
any portion of an Eligible Rollover Distribution paid directly to an Eligible
Retirement Plan specified by the Distributee in a Direct Rollover.

(b)  For the purposes of this Section 11.17, the following definitions shall
apply:

  (i)  "Eligible Rollover Distribution" shall mean any distribution of all or
  any portion of the balance to the credit of the Distributee, except that an
  Eligible Rollover Distribution shall not include:  any distribution that is
  one of a series of substantially equal periodic payments (not less frequently
  than annually) made for the life (or life expectancy) of the Distributee or
  the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the Distributee and the
  Distributee's designated Beneficiary, or for a specified period of ten years
  or more; any distribution to the extent such distribution is required under
  Code Section 401(a)(9); any hardship distribution described in Code Section
  401(k)(2)(B) (i)(IV); or the portion of any distribution that is not
  includable in gross income (determined without regard to the exclusion for
  net unrealized appreciation with respect to employer securities).

  (ii)  "Eligible Retirement Plan" shall mean an individual retirement account
  described in Code Section 408(a), an individual retirement annuity described
  in Code Section 408(b), an annuity plan described in Code Section 403(a), or
  a qualified trust described in Code Section 401(a), that accepts the
  Distributee's Eligible Rollover Distribution.  However, in the case of an
  Eligible Rollover Distribution to the surviving spouse, an Eligible
  Retirement Plan shall mean only an individual retirement account or
  individual retirement annuity.  An Eligible Retirement Plan shall also mean
  an annuity contract described in Code Section 403(b) and an eligible plan
  under Code Section 457(b) which is maintained by a state, political
  subdivision of a state, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or
  political subdivision of a state and which agrees to separately account for
  amounts transferred into such plan from this Plan.  The definition of
  Eligible Retirement Plan shall also apply in the case of a distribution to a
  surviving spouse, or to a spouse or former spouse who is the alternate payee
  under a qualified domestic relation order, as defined in Code Section 414(p).

45

(iii)  "Distributee" shall mean an Employee or former Employee.  In
  addition, the Employee's or former Employee's surviving spouse and the
  Employee's or former Employee's spouse or former spouse who is the alternate
  payee under a qualified domestic relations order, as defined in Code Section
  414(p), are Distributees with regard to the interest of the spouse or former
  spouse.

  (iv)  "Direct Rollover" shall mean a payment to the Eligible Retirement Plan
  specified by the Distributee either by direct transfer from the Plan, or by
  delivery of the distribution check by the Distributee, provided such check is
  made out in a manner to ensure that it is negotiable only by the trustee of
  the Eligible Retirement Plan.

46

ARTICLE XII

                             TOP-HEAVY PROVISIONS

12.1  Application.  For Plan Years beginning January 1, 1984 or later, in the
event that the Plan is determined to be a Top-Heavy Plan as hereinafter
defined, this Article XII shall become effective as of the first day of the
Plan Year in which the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan.

12.2  Definitions.

(a)  Top Heavy Compensation.  For purposes of this Section of the Plan, Top-
Heavy Compensation means an individual's compensation (as determined under Code
Section 415(c)(3)) from the Employer for the Plan Year, as adjusted pursuant
to Code Section 415(d); provided, however, that for purposes of determining
Key Employees, Top-Heavy Compensation shall be increased by elective
contributions under a cafeteria plan (Code Section 125), elective deferrals
(Code Sections 401(k) and 401(a)(8)), and contributions to a SEP (Code
Section 402(h)(1)(B)), and, in the case of Employer contributions made
pursuant to a salary reduction agreement, increased by contributions to a
tax-sheltered annuity (Code Section 403(b)).

(b)  Minimum Benefit.  The accrued benefit equal to two percent (2%) of a
Member's average Top Heavy Compensation for each Year of Service disregarding
Years of Service when the Plan was not a Top-Heavy Plan.

(c)  Top-Heavy Plan.  A plan that is required in such year to satisfy the
requirements of Code Section 416 because the aggregate of the Accrued
Retirement Benefits of all Key Employees in the Plan exceeds sixty percent
(60%) of the aggregate of the Accrued Retirement Benefits of all Members in
the Plan, such determination to be made in accordance with the procedures
described in Code Section 416(g) and the regulations thereunder as of the
Annual Valuation Date immediately preceding such Plan Year (or in the case of
the first Plan Year, as of the last day of such Plan Year).  The Accrued
Retirement Benefit of any Member who has not performed any services for the
Employer in the past five years shall not be included.  For purposes of
determining whether the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan, the Plan shall be
aggregated with all other plans maintained by the Employer which are required
to be aggregated with the Plan in order for the Plan to meet the requirements
of Code Sections 401(a)(4) and 410, and all other plans maintained by the
Employer in which a Key Employee is a Participant (the "Required Aggregation
Group.")  The Plan may also be aggregated with any other plans maintained by
the Employer (the "Permissive Aggregation Group") so long as such aggregation
would not prevent the aggregated group from satisfying the requirements of
Code Sections 401(a)(4) and 410.

12.3  Accrual of Minimum Benefit.  For any Plan Year in which the Plan is a
Top-Heavy Plan, the Minimum Benefit as defined in Section 12.2(c) shall be
accrued for each Member who is not a Key Employee, provided that the total
Minimum Benefit accrued for a non-Key Employee under this provision shall not
exceed 20% of his Top Heavy Compensation.

47

12.4  Vesting.  If for any Plan Year or Years the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan, an
Employee's vested interest in his Accrued Benefit for such Plan Year and all
preceding Plan Years shall not be less than as determined under the following
vesting schedule:
 
If the Plan ceases to be a Top-Heavy Plan, the vesting schedule in this
Section 12.4 shall revert to the provisions in Section 5.1; provided that any
portion of the accrued benefit that was nonforfeitable before the Plan ceases
to be a Top-Heavy Plan shall remain nonforfeitable, and further provided that
any Member who has three (3) or more Years of Service at the time the Plan
ceases to be a Top-Heavy Plan shall have the right to elect during the
Election Period (as hereinafter defined) to continue to have his vested
interest determined in accordance with the vesting schedule contained in this
Section 12.4.

For the purposes of this Section 12.4, Years of Service shall include Service
prior to the Effective Date, and shall include Service during the Election
Period.  The Election Period shall be the period during which such
Participants may make such vesting schedule election and shall begin on the
date of the adoption of the amendment which changes the vesting schedule and
shall end on the later of:

  (i)  The date which is 60 days after the adoption of the amendment which
  changes the vesting schedule;

  (ii)  The date which is 60 days after the effective date of the amendment
  which changes the vesting schedule; or

  (iii)  The date which is 60 days after the date such Participant is notified
  in writing of the amendment which changes the vesting schedule.

12.5  Post-EGTRRA Top-Heavy Provisions.

(a)  Effective date.  This Section 12.5 shall apply for purposes of determining
whether the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan under Code Section 416(g) for Plan Years
beginning after December 31, 2001, and whether the Plan satisfies the minimum
benefits requirements of Code Section 416(c) for such years.  This Section
12.5 amends Sections 12.1 through 12.4 of the Plan.

(b)  Determination of Top-Heavy Status.

  (i)  Key Employee.  Key Employee means any Employee or former Employee
  (including any deceased Employee) who at any time during the Plan Year that
  includes the determination date was an officer of the Employer having annual

48

compensation greater than $135,000 (as adjusted under Code Section 416(i)(1)
  for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2005), a 5% owner of the
  Employer, or a 1% owner of the Employer having annual compensation of more
  than $150,000.  For this purpose, annual compensation means compensation
  within the meaning of Code Section 415(c)(3).  The determination of who is a
  Key Employee will be made in accordance with Code Section 416(i)(1) and the
  applicable regulations and other guidance of general applicability issued
  thereunder.

  (ii)  Determination of Present Values and Amounts.  This Section 12.5(b)(ii)
  (2) shall apply for purposes of determining the present value of accrued
  benefits of Employees as of the determination date.

  (1)  Distributions During Year Ending on the Determination Date.  The present
  value of accrued benefits of an Employee as of the determination date shall
  be increased by the distributions made with respect to the Employee under the
  Plan and any plan aggregated with the Plan under Code Section 416(g)(2)
  during the 1-year period ending on the determination date.  The preceding
  sentence shall also apply to distributions under a terminated plan which, had
  it not been terminated, would have been aggregated with the Plan under Code
  Section 416(g)(2)(A)(i).  In the case of a distribution made for a reason
  other than separation from service, death, or disability, this provision
  shall be applied by substituting "5-year period" for "1-year period."

  (2)  Employees Not Performing Services During Year Ending on the
  Determination Date.  The accrued benefits of any individual who has not
  performed services for the Employing Unit during the 1-year period ending on
  the determination date shall not be taken into account.

(c)  Minimum Benefits.  For purposes of satisfying the minimum benefit
requirements of Code Section 416(c)(1), in determining years of Service with
the Employer, any Service with the Employer shall be disregarded to the
extent that such Service occurs during a Plan Year when the plan benefits
(within the meaning of Code Section 410(b)) no Key Employee or former
Employee.

49

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this amended and restated Plan to
be executed this the 21st day of December, 2005, to be effective as of March
1, 2005.

EMPLOYERS:

                                      SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                      By:      /s/DeWitt Drew
                                      Office:  President & CEO

(CORPORATE SEAL)                      Attest:  /s/Donna Lott
                                      Office:  Secretary

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA BANK
                                      By:      /s/DeWitt Drew
                                      Office:  President & CEO

(CORPORATE SEAL)                      Attest:  /s/Donna Lott
                                      Office:  Secretary

50

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 tenk05ex107.txt
 EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN AND TRUST

EXHIBIT 10.7

EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN AND TRUST
                                      OF
                   SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION

           (As Amended and Restated Effective As Of January 1, 2005)

THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 21st day of December, 2005,
by and between Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation, a holding company
organized under the laws of the State of Georgia (referred to herein as the
"Company") and Southwest Georgia Bank, a state banking association, as
trustee (referred to herein as the "Trustee");

                             W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company maintains the Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation
Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust (the "Plan"); and

Effective January 1, 2000, the Plan was amended and restated to comply with
the Tax Reform Act of 1986, as amended; the pension provisions of the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ("GATT"); the Uniformed Services
Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 ("USERRA") the Small Business
Job Protection Act of 1996 ("SBJPA"), the Tax Reform Act of 1997 ("TRA
'97"), the Internal Revenue Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998, and the
Community Renewal Tax Relief Act of 2000.

This amendment and restatement of the Plan is effective as of January 1,
2005 to incorporate the prior amendments made to the Plan and for certain
other purposes.

The provisions of this amendment and restatement of the Plan shall apply
only to those eligible employees who terminate employment with the Company
on or after January 1, 2005 or such later date as may apply for a provision
which becomes effective afterwards.  Benefits payable to or on behalf of a
Participant who terminates employment prior to January 1, 2005 shall not be
affected by the terms of any Plan amendment adopted after such Participant's
termination of employment unless the amendment provides otherwise.

Table of Contents                          Page

ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS                                                       1
1.1     Account Balance                                                      1
1.2     Adoption Date                                                        1
1.3     Annual Compensation                                                  1
1.4     Annual Valuation Date                                                1
1.5     Authorized Leaves of Absence                                         1
1.6     Beneficiary                                                          1
1.7     Board                                                                1
1.8     Break in Service                                                     2
1.9     Code                                                                 2
1.10    Company                                                              2
1.11    Effective Date                                                       2
1.12    Eligible Participant                                                 2
1.13    Employee                                                             2
1.14    Employer                                                             2
1.15    Employer Contribution Account                                        2
1.16    Employer Stock                                                       3
1.17    Employment                                                           3
1.18    ERISA                                                                3
1.19    ESOP Committee                                                       3
1.20    Fiduciaries                                                          3
1.21    FMLA Leave                                                           3
1.22    Hour of Service                                                      3
1.23    Normal Retirement Date                                               5
1.24    Participant                                                          5
1.25    Plan                                                                 5
1.26    Plan Administrator                                                   5
1.27    Plan Year                                                            5
1.28    Qualified Election Period                                            5
1.29    Service                                                              5
1.30    Trust (or Trust Fund)                                                5
1.31    Trustee                                                              5
1.32    Year of Service                                                      5

ARTICLE II  PARTICIPATION AND SERVICE                                        6
2.1     Participation                                                        6
2.2     Service                                                              7
2.3     Effect of Break in Service                                           7
2.4     Inactive Account Status                                              8
2.5     Transfers of Employment Among Employers                              9
2.6     Election Not to Participate                                          9

i

Table of Contents                          Page
                                  (continued)

2.7     Qualified Military Service                                           9

ARTICLE III  CONTRIBUTIONS                                                  10
3.1     Employer Contributions                                              10
3.2     Fund for Exclusive Benefit of Participants                          10
3.3	Special Limitation on Allocations for Plan
        Years to Which Code Section 415(c)(6) Applies                       11

ARTICLE IV  INTERESTS OF PARTICIPANTS                                       12
4.1     Accounts of Participants                                            12
4.2	Allocation of Shares of Employer Stock, Income,
        Expense, Fluctuations in Asset Value, Etc.                          12
4.3     Allocation of Employer Contributions                                13
4.4     Maximum Additions                                                   14
4.5     Directed Investments By Eligible Participants                       15

ARTICLE V  BENEFITS                                                         17
5.1     Normal Retirement Benefits                                          17
5.2     Disability Benefits                                                 17
5.3     Postponed Retirement                                                17
5.4     Death Benefits                                                      17
5.5     Benefits on Termination of Employment                               17
5.6     Payment of Benefits                                                 18
5.7	Restrictions on Participants' Right To Dispose
        of Employer Stock; Employer's and Plan's Right
        of First Refusal                                                    20
5.8	Participant's Right to Put Employer Stock to
        the Company and the Plan                                            21
5.9     Securities Laws Restrictions On Resales                             22
5.10    Maintenance of Accounts Prior to Payout                             22
5.11    Present Value of Payments                                           23
5.12    Commencement of Payments                                            23
5.13    Error in Participant's Account                                      26
5.14    No Other Benefits or Withdrawals                                    26

ii

Table of Contents                          Page
                                  (continued)

5.15    Voting Rights                                                       26
5.16    Tender or Exchange Offer for Company Stock                          27
5.17    Appraisal of Employer Stock                                         28
5.18    Direct Transfer of Eligible Rollover Distributions                  28

ARTICLE VI  DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY                                      30

ARTICLE VII  ADMINISTRATION                                                 31
7.1	Allocation of Responsibility Among Fiduciaries
        for Plan and Trust Administration                                   31
7.2     Appointment of Plan Administrator                                   31
7.3     Claims Procedure                                                    32
7.4     Records and Reports                                                 32
7.5     Other Plan Administrator Powers and Duties                          32
7.6     Rules and Decisions                                                 33
7.7     Authorization of Benefit Payments                                   33
7.8     Application and Forms for Benefits                                  33
7.9     Payment for Benefit of Disabled or Incapacitated Person             33
7.10    Notices to Trustee                                                  34
7.11    Indemnification by the Company                                      34

ARTICLE VIII  POWERS, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE TRUSTEE            35
8.1     Establishment and Acceptance of Trust                               35
8.2     Investment of Trust Fund                                            35
8.3     Discharge of Duties                                                 36
8.4     Prohibited Transactions                                             36
8.5     Delegation of Responsibilities                                      37
8.6     Powers of Trustee                                                   37
8.7     Payments From The Fund                                              39
8.8     Payment of Compensation, Expenses and Taxes                         40
8.9     Accounting                                                          40
8.10    Bond                                                                40

iii

Table of Contents                          Page
                                  (continued)

8.11    Resignation or Removal of the Trustee                               40

ARTICLE IX  AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN                                           42

ARTICLE X  DISCONTINUANCE OF CONTRIBUTIONS AND TERMINATION OF PLAN          43
10.1    Intention to Continue Plan                                          43
10.2    Termination or Partial Termination of Plan                          43
10.3    Internal Revenue Service Approval                                   43
10.4    Discontinuance of Contributions                                     44

ARTICLE XI  MISCELLANEOUS                                                   45
11.1    Participants' Rights, Acquittance                                   45
11.2    Spendthrift Clause                                                  45
11.3    Participation of Adopting Employers                                 45
11.4    Qualification of Plan as Condition                                  46
11.5    Successor Employer                                                  46
11.6    Transfer of Plan Assets                                             47
11.7    Delegation of Authority by the Company                              47
11.8    Construction of Agreement                                           47
11.9    Headings                                                            47

ARTICLE XII  TOP-HEAVY PLAN PROVISIONS                                      48
12.1    Application                                                         48
12.2    Definitions                                                         48
12.3    Allocation of Minimum Contribution                                  49
12.4    Post-EGTRRA Top-Heavy Provisions                                    49

iv

ARTICLE I

                                  DEFINITIONS

The following words and phrases when used herein shall have the meanings set
forth below unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context.
The masculine gender wherever used herein shall be deemed to include the
feminine.  Words in the singular shall be read and construed as though used
in the plural in all cases where they would so apply, and vice versa.

1.1	Account Balance - The amount standing to the credit of a Participant in
his Employer Contribution Account, which shall at all times be fully vested.

1.2     Adoption Date - The date this plan was originally effective, namely
July 8, 1981.

1.3     Annual Compensation - A Participant's total compensation paid by the
Employer for the Plan Year including wages, salary, overtime pay, bonuses,
and any amounts contributed by the Employer on behalf of an Employee
pursuant to a salary reduction agreement which is not includible in the
gross income of the Employee under Code Sections 125, 132(f)(4), 401(k),
402(a)(8), 402(h), or 403(b), but excluding commissions, any indirect
payments such as contributions to this Plan or any other profit sharing
plan, pension plan, group insurance plan or welfare plan, and income from
the exercise of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock
units, restricted stock or other stock awards.  The Annual Compensation of
each Participant taken into account in determining contributions and
allocations for any Plan Year beginning after December 31, 2004, shall not
exceed $210,000, as adjusted for cost-of-living increases in accordance with
Code Section 401(a)(17)(B).  The cost-of-living adjustment in effect for a
calendar year applies to Annual Compensation for the determination period
(the Plan Year or other consecutive 12-month period over which Annual
Compensation is otherwise determined under the plan) that begins with or
within such calendar year.

1.4	Annual Valuation Date - December 31 of each year while the Plan is in
effect.

1.5	Authorized Leaves of Absence - Any absence authorized by the Employer
under the Employer's standard personnel practices, provided that all persons
under similar circumstances must be treated alike in the granting of such
Authorized Leaves of Absence pursuant to Section 2.7, and provided further
that the Employee returns within the period of authorized absence.  An
absence due to service in the armed forces of the United States shall be
considered an Authorized Leave of Absence pursuant to Section 2.7.

1.6	Beneficiary - Any person or persons (natural or otherwise) designated by a
Participant on a form supplied by the ESOP Committee to receive benefits
payable in the event of the death of the Participant, or in the absence of
any such designated person(s), such other person(s) determined to be the
beneficiary under Article VI hereof.

1.7	Board - The Board of Directors of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation,
a Georgia corporation.

                                     1

1.8	Break in Service - A twelve-month computation period in which the subject
Employee completes no more than 500 Hours of Service.

1.9	Code - The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations
established pursuant thereto and the rulings issued thereunder, as they now
exist or as they may hereafter be amended or modified.

1.10	Company - Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation, a Georgia corporation.

1.11	Effective Date - The date upon which this amendment and restatement of the
Plan is effective, namely January 1, 2005.  The Plan was originally
effective as of July 8, 1981.

1.12	Eligible Participant - Any Employee who (i) is credited with at least ten
(10) years of participation in the Plan, (ii) who has attained at least the
age of fifty-five (55), and (iii) who is a Participant at the time of any
election under Section 4.5.

1.13	Employee - Any person who is an employee (such term having its
customary meaning) of the Employer and who is receiving remuneration for
personal services rendered to the Employer (or who is on an Authorized Leave
of Absence).  Provided, however, that for purposes of this Plan, the term
Employee shall not include any person whose terms and conditions of
employment are determined by collective bargaining with a union or an
affiliate thereof representing such persons and with respect to whom
inclusion in this Plan has not been provided for in the collective
bargaining agreement setting forth those terms and conditions.  In addition,
the term Employee shall include leased employees within the meaning of Code
Section 414(n)(2) unless (i) such leased employees constitute less than
twenty percent (20%) of the Employer's non-highly compensated work force
within the meaning of Code Section 414(n)(5)(C)(ii), and (ii) such leased
employees are covered by a plan described in Code Section 414(n)(5), in
which event such leased employees shall not be considered Employees for
purposes of this Plan.  Leased employees shall not be eligible to
participate in the Plan.  An individual classified as an independent
contractor or other individual under contract with an Employer and
classified by the Employer as a non-Employee shall not be eligible to
participate in the Plan; provided, however, that if any individual
classified by an Employer as an independent contractor or other non-Employee
designation is later required by action of the Internal Revenue Service,
Department of Labor or any other governmental agency to be classified as an
Employee, such individual shall not be an eligible Employee prior to such
reclassification and, after such reclassification, the individual's
participation shall be in accordance with the rules established by the
Company.

1.14	Employer - The Company and any other business enterprise duly adopting
for the exclusive benefit of its eligible employees (and their beneficiaries)
the provisions of this Plan in accordance with the terms hereof.

1.15    Employer Contribution Account - The account maintained for a
Participant to record his share of the contributions of the Employer and
adjustments relating thereto in accordance with Article IV.

2

1.16	Employer Stock - The common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of
Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation.  Employer Stock shall also include any
securities substituted for such stock by way of recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation.  The Plan shall not hold or invest
in any Employer Stock unless such securities are (i) common stock which is
readily tradable in an established market or (ii) if there is no such
readily tradable common stock, then common stock having a combination of
voting power and dividend rights equal to or in excess of that class of
common stock having the greatest voting power and that class of common stock
having the greatest dividend rights; provided that noncallable preferred
stock which is convertible at any time at a reasonable price into common
stock having the characteristics described above may be used.

1.17	Employment - Service as an Employee of the Employer.  The term
"Reemployment" shall mean Employment following a Break in Service.  The
terms "Employed" and "Reemployed" shall be used in the same sense as the
terms Employment and Reemployment, respectively.

1.18	ERISA - The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
from time to time.

1.19	ESOP Committee - The committee appointed by the Board as the Plan
Administrator to, among its other duties:  (i) convey the directions of
Participants to the Trustee as to the voting or tender of shares of Employer
Stock under Article V that are allocated to Participants' accounts and to
notify the Trustee as to the voting of allocated shares of Employer Stock
for which it does not receive timely directions from Participants and the
tender of unallocated shares of Employer Stock in accordance with Article V;
(ii) direct the Trustee as to the acquisition or disposition of Employer
Stock, including the number of shares to purchase, the price of such shares
and when to acquire such shares as provided in Section 8.2; and (iii) direct
the Trustee to borrow funds to acquire Employer Stock, including the terms,
amount and timing of any exempt loan.  In the absence of the appointment of
an ESOP Committee, the Company shall assume such responsibilities, except as
otherwise restricted in the Plan.  If the ESOP Committee (or any committee
which is carrying out any or all of the functions of the ESOP Committee)
decides that it cannot perform the functions required under Article V with
respect to the voting or tender of shares of Employer Stock because of
restrictions under ERISA or the Code, the Board shall designate a person,
committee or entity to perform such functions.

1.20	Fiduciaries - The named fiduciaries, who shall be the Employer, the
ESOP Committee and the Trustee, and other parties designated as fiduciaries by
such named fiduciaries in accordance with the powers herein provided, but
only with respect to the specific responsibilities of each for Plan and
Trust administration as set forth herein.

1.21	FMLA Leave - The leave of absence taken by an Employee, on either a
paid or unpaid basis, in accordance with the Family and Medical Leave Act of
1993 and in connection with any effective similar state family leave law.

1.22	Hour of Service - Each Employee shall be credited with an Hour of
Service for:

3

(1)	Each hour for which such Employee is paid, or entitled to payment, by
the Employer for the performance of duties.  These hours shall be credited to
the Employee for the computation period in which the duties are performed;
and

(2)	Each hour for which such Employee is paid, or entitled to payment, by
the Employer on account of a period of time during which no duties are
performed (irrespective of whether the employment relationship has terminated)
due to vacation, holiday, illness, incapacity (including disability), jury
duty, military duty or leave of absence, provided, however, that under this
paragraph (2):

(i)	No more than 500 Hours of Service shall be credited for any single
continuous period (whether or not such period occurs in a single computation
period) during which the Employee performs no duties:

(ii)	No hours shall be credited if such payment is made or due under a plan
maintained by the Employer solely for purposes of complying with applicable
worker's compensation, unemployment insurance or disability insurance laws;
and

(iii)	No hours shall be credited for a payment which reimburses an Employee
for medical or medically related expenses incurred by the Employee; and

(3)	Each hour for which back pay, irrespective of mitigation of damages, is
either awarded or agreed to by the Employer.  These hours shall be credited
to the Employee for the computation period to which the award or agreement
pertains rather than the period in which the award, agreement, or payment is
made.  The same Hours of Service shall not be credited under paragraphs (1)
or (2), as the case may be, and this paragraph (3).  Crediting of hours for
back pay awarded or agreed to with respect to periods described in paragraph
(2) shall be subject to the limitations of that paragraph.

(4)	Hours of Service credited under the Plan shall be calculated and
credited subject to the rules and restrictions set forth in Department of Labor
Regulations Section 2530.200b-2(b), (c) and (f) which are incorporated
herein by this reference.

(5)	The method of determining Hours of Service under the Plan shall be in
accordance with Department of Labor Regulations Section 2530.200b-3 and
shall be applied in a consistent and nondiscriminatory manner to Employees
or classes of Employees.

(6)	For purposes of determining whether a Break in Service has occurred for
participation and vesting purposes, for Plan Years beginning on or after
January 1, 1985, Hours of Service shall also include hours for maternity or
paternity absences in accordance with Section 2.3(e).  During such absence,
the Employee shall receive credit for Hours of Service equal to the number
of hours that normally would have been credited during the absence, or if
unknown, then eight hours per day of absence, provided that the credit for
Hours of Service on account of the birth or placement of a child with the
Employee by adoption shall not exceed 501 Hours of Service per absence.
Hours of Service on account of pregnancy or adoption shall only be required
to be credited if, in the Plan Year in which the maternity or paternity

4

absence begins, crediting of such hours is necessary to prevent a Break in
Service that year; otherwise, such hours shall be credited in the following
Plan Year.

1.23	Normal Retirement Date - The first day of the month coincident with or
next following the date on which a Participant attains the age of sixty-five
(65) years.  A Participant's right to his retirement benefits shall become
non-forfeitable upon his attainment of age sixty-five (65).

1.24	Participant - Any Employee who has qualified under the terms of the
Plan for participation therein and who remains so qualified.

1.25	Plan - The Plan and Trust set forth herein, as amended from time to
time, which shall be known as the Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust of
Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation.

1.26	Plan Administrator - The ESOP Committee, or in its absence, the
Company or any administrative committee appointed for that purpose by the
Company.

1.27	Plan Year - January 1 through the next following December 31.

1.28	Qualified Election Period - The six (6) Plan Year periods beginning
with later of (a) the first Plan Year in which the relevant Participant first
became an Eligible Participant, or (b) the first Plan Year beginning after
December 31, 1986.

1.29	Service - A Participant's period of employment with the Employer, or
any predecessor of the Employer, whether a corporation, partnership or sole
proprietorship, and any corporation, sole proprietorship or partnership that
is a member of a controlled group of corporations that includes the
Employer, or is under common control, or is a member of an affiliated
service group that includes the Employer, or is related through the leasing
of employees, as determined under Code Section 414(b), (c), (m) and (n).

1.30	Trust (or Trust Fund) - The fund known as the Employee Stock Ownership
Plan Trust of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation, maintained in
accordance with the terms of the trust agreement, as amended from time to
time, which constitutes a part of the Plan.

1.31	Trustee - Southwest Georgia Bank, a state banking association, and any
successor trustee(s) designated in the manner provided in the Plan and
accepting such trust as provided herein.

1.32	Year of Service - The applicable 12-month period during which the
Employee completes at least 1,000 Hours of Service.  Year of Service shall
include past service with any Employer to the extent provided hereunder,
provided there shall be no duplication of benefits.

5

ARTICLE II

                           PARTICIPATION AND SERVICE

2.1	Participation

(a)	Participation Requirements Prior to January 1, 1993 - An Employee shall
become a Participant as of the January 1 or July 1 (the "Entry Date")
coincident with or next following the date on which the Employee first
completes two (2) Years of Service, provided that such Employee is Employed
on such Entry Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Employee who was
actively employed on January 7, 1991 shall become a Participant on January
7, 1991 and shall be eligible for an allocation of the Employer's
contribution for the Plan Year ending December 31, 1991 in accordance with
Section 4.3 based on his Annual Compensation during such Plan Year without
regard to his Hours of Service for such Plan Year provided he is in active
Employment on December 31, 1991.

(b)	Participation Requirements from January 1, 1993 through May 31, 1997 -
An Employee who is first credited with an Hour of Service on or before May 31,
1997 who did not become a Participant prior to January 1, 1993 shall be
eligible to participate on (i) January 1, 1993 if the Employee has completed
a ninety (90) day evaluation period on or before January 1, 1993, or (ii) in
the case of any other eligible Employee, the first day of the month
following the completion of a ninety (90) day evaluation period which shall
begin on the first date the Employee is credited with an Hour of Service,
provided the Employee is employed on such date.  An Employee who is employed
in a janitorial position shall not be eligible to participate.

(c)	Participation Requirements Effective as of June 1, 1997 - An Employee
who is first credited with an Hour of Service on or after June 1, 1997 shall
become a Participant on the first day of the month following the date on
which the Employee completes two (2) Years of Service, provided that such
Employee is Employed on such date.  An Employee who is employed in a
janitorial position shall not be eligible to participate.

(d)	Computation of Service - For purposes of determining an Employee's
eligibility to participate under Section 2.1, the computation period
initially to be taken into account to determine whether the Employee has
completed a Year of Service shall be the 12-month period commencing with the
date of the Employee's Employment.  In the event that the Employee fails to
be credited with at least 1,000 Hours of Service during this initial
computation period, the eligibility computation period shall be the first
Plan Year commencing after the Employee's date of Employment and succeeding
Plan Years.  If the Employee is credited with at least 1,000 Hours of
Service during the 12-month period commencing with the date of the
Employee's Employment, the computation period used to determine whether the
Employee has been credited with the second Year of Service, shall be the 12-
month period beginning on the first anniversary of the Employee's Employment
commencement date and,  if necessary, succeeding years based on the
Employee's date of Employment.

(e)	Service with Acquired Employers - If an Employee was employed by an
employer who was acquired by the Company or an affiliate of the Company
(either as an acquisition of stock or assets), for purposes of determining

                                     6

the Employee's eligibility to participate, the Employee's last continuous
period of service with such acquired employer shall be credited only as
provided in Schedule A.

(f)	Participation Exclusion Effective as of May 1, 1999 - Notwithstanding
the other provisions of this Section 2.1, effective May 1, 1999, any Employee
who is employed on an exclusively commissioned basis shall not be eligible
to participate in the Plan.

2.2	Service - A Participant's eligibility for benefits under the Plan shall
be based on his Years of Service determined as follows:

(a)	Service Prior to the Adoption Date - With regard to an Employee who was
Employed on the Adoption Date, his Years of Service with the Employer prior
to and including the Adoption Date shall be counted as Service hereunder,
including periods of Authorized Leave of Absence.  In addition, an
Employee's Years of Service with Moultrie National Bank (now, Southwest
Georgia Bank) prior to the Adoption Date shall be counted as Service
hereunder.

(b)	Service From and After the Adoption Date - Subject to subsection (a)
and the provisions which follow, an Employee shall accrue a Year of Service for
each Plan Year in which he has 1,000 or more Hours of Service.  Provided,
however, that if the Employee has completed at least 1,000 Hours of Service
during the 12-month period commencing on the date of his Employment and such
period overlaps two Plan Years in neither of which has the Employee
completed at least 1,000 Hours of Service, he shall nevertheless be credited
with a Year of Service for the Plan Year in which he becomes a Participant
(or in which he becomes eligible for re-participation) in the Plan.

(c)	Service of Acquired Employers - If an Employee was employed by an
Employer who was acquired by the Company or an affiliate of the Company (either
by acquisition of stock or assets), for purposes of determining the Employer's
eligibility to participate, the Employee's last continuous period of service
with such acquired Employer shall be credited only as provided in
Schedule A.

2.3	Effect of Break in Service - In the event a Participant, or an Employee
who was not a Participant, incurs a Break in Service, the following
provisions shall apply to his participation in the Plan:

(a)	A Participant shall remain a Participant until such time as he incurs a
Break in Service;

(b)	In the case of an Employee who was a Participant when he incurred a
Break in Service, he will again be considered a Participant on the date he
completes one Hour of Service after the Break in Service; and

(c)	If an Employee who is not a Participant has a Break in Service, he must
satisfy the eligibility requirements of Section 2.1 for participation as if
he were a new Employee whose Employment commenced on the first date that he
completed an Hour of Service after the last date of the computation period
in which the Break in Service occurred, provided that his earlier period of

7

service will be counted if his Break in Service period does not equal or
exceed five years.

(d)	Computation Period - The Plan Year shall be the computation period for
purposes of determining whether a Break in Service has occurred.  The first
Plan Year computation period for this purpose shall be, in the case of
Employees who were Participants on the Effective Date, the Plan Year
commencing on said date and shall be, in the case of Employees who
thereafter become Participants, the Plan Year which includes the last day of
the computation period during which the Participant satisfies the
requirements for participation as set forth in Section 2.1 above.

(e)	Maternity or Paternity Leave - In the case of an Employee who is absent
from Employment on account of (i) the Employee's pregnancy, (ii) the birth
of a child of the Employee, (iii) the placement of a child with the Employee
in connection with the adoption of the child by the Employee or (iv) an
absence due to the need for caring for such child for a period beginning
immediately following such birth or placement, the Plan shall treat as Hours
of Service, solely for purposes of determining whether a Break in Service
has occurred, the following hours:

(i)	the Hours of Service which otherwise would normally have been credited
to such Employee but for such absence; or

(ii)	if the Hours of Service in (i) cannot be determined, then eight (8)
Hours of Service for each day of such absence.

However, such Hours of Service credited under this Section 2.3(e) shall not
exceed 501 Hours of Service for each such absence.

The Hours of Service credited under this Section 2.3(e) shall be credited in
the Plan Year in which the absence begins only if an Employee would be
prevented from incurring a Break in service in such Plan Year.  In any other
case, such hours shall be credited in the immediately following Plan Year.
The Employee shall not be entitled to receive credit for maternity or
paternity leave under this Section 2.3(e) unless such Employee furnishes to
the Plan Administrator within such reasonable time period as the Plan
Administrator may establish evidence that the absence is on account of one
of the four (4) reasons specified in the first paragraph of this Section
2.3(e) and evidence of the duration of such absence.

(f)	For purposes of determining whether a Break in Service has occurred for
purposes of participation and vesting with respect to an Employee who
returns to work following an FMLA Leave, for periods on and after August 5,
1993, any period of unpaid FMLA Leave shall not be treated as or counted
toward a Break in Service.  Unpaid FMLA Leave shall not be counted in Hours
of Service except to the extent Hours of Service are otherwise credited for
any unpaid leave of absence by the Employer.

2.4	Inactive Account Status - In the event that any Participant (excluding
an Employee whose employment is terminated) completes more than 500 Hours of
Service but less than 1,000 Hours of Service in any Plan Year of his

8

participation, or if during a Plan Year a Participant has no more than 500
Hours of Service but is on an Authorized Leave of Absence which would
prevent him from having a Break in Service, his Employer Contribution
Account shall be placed on inactive status.  In such case, such Plan Year
shall not be considered as a Year of Service, and the Participant shall not
share in the Employer's contribution allocations made pursuant to Section
4.3 for any such Plan Year, but he shall continue to receive income
allocations in accordance with Section 4.2.  In the event such Participant
has 1,000 Hours of Service in a subsequent Plan Year, his Employer
Contribution Account shall revert to active status for such Plan Year with
full rights and privileges under this Plan restored.

2.5	Transfers of Employment Among Employers - Subject to Section 2.3, in
computing Service hereunder, the period of an Employee's employment with any
other member of a group of related employers which includes the Employer
shall be counted for participation and vesting purposes, and a transfer of
an Employee from the employ of one such member to the employ of another
member shall not interrupt Employment.  Related employers shall be
determined under Code Section 414(b), (c), (m) and (n) to include members of
a controlled group of corporations, trades or businesses under common
control, members of an affiliated service group, and entities related
through the leasing of employees.  In the event any Participant during the
course of any Plan Year is employed simultaneously by more than one such
member, he shall be entitled to an allocation under Section 4.3 hereof by
taking into account his aggregate Annual Compensation from such simultaneous
members.  Further, if the Employee was previously Employed in a job
classification which precludes such Employee from participation in the Plan,
his Employment in such job classification shall count as Service hereunder
for eligibility purposes.

2.6	Election Not to Participate - An Employee who is eligible to
participate in the Plan may elect in a writing directed to the Plan
Administrator not to participate for the Plan Years specified in such writing.
Effective January 1, 2002, an Employee, leased employee, independent
contractor, Beneficiary or other person with any claim to benefits under the
Plan who provides the Plan Administrator with a knowing, voluntary and
irrevocable waiver of benefits under the Plan in a form satisfactory to the
Plan Administrator shall not be eligible to participate in or receive benefits
from the Plan and shall be treated for all purposes as ineligible.

2.7	Qualified Military Service - Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan
to the contrary, contributions, benefits and service credit with respect to
qualified military service will be provided in accordance with Code Section
414(u).

9

ARTICLE III

                                 CONTRIBUTIONS

3.1	Employer Contributions - For so long as the Plan continues in effect,
the Employer may make a contribution annually to the Trust for the accounts of
all Participants who are active Employees on the last day of the Plan Year
and who have a Year of Service for such year.  The Employer's contribution
shall be made in (i) cash, (ii) property acceptable to the Trustee and
approved by the Plan Administrator, or (iii) Employer Stock (as defined
herein), or any combination of the foregoing.  The amount of each such
contribution to the Trust shall be determined by the Board of Directors of
the Employer, taking into consideration the then prevailing financial
conditions and fiscal requirements of the Employer and such other factors as
the Board of Directors may deem pertinent and applicable under the
circumstances.  In no event shall the annual contribution be less than an
amount necessary, when added to other available funds held by the Plan, to
pay the current amounts due (if any) under any loans or purchase money
obligations incurred by the Plan for the purpose of purchasing shares of
Employer Stock.  The contributions by the Employer shall be credited to the
Employer Contribution Accounts of Participants in accordance with Article
IV.  The Employer shall pay to the Trustee its contribution for each Plan
Year not later than the close of such Plan Year or within such other period
thereafter as is described in Code Section 404(a)(6).

In no event shall the contribution by the Employer be greater than the
amount deductible by the Employer for federal income tax purposes for the
taxable year with respect to which the same is made, plus such additional
amount as may be deductible by reason of a deduction carry forward from a
prior year or years when less that the maximum deductible amount was
actually contributed, except in anticipation of a future contribution of
less than the maximum amount deductible with respect to such future year and
the carry-forward to such future year of the current excess contribution for
deduction purposes under applicable statutes and regulations.  The
contribution provisions of Code Section 404(a)(9) shall apply to the Plan
and, in accordance with such provisions, additional contributions may be
made to the Plan for the purposes specified in such provisions.

No contributions by Participants shall be permitted under this Plan.

3.2	Fund for Exclusive Benefit of Participants - All assets of the Trust
Fund shall be held hereunder for the exclusive benefit of the Participants and
their Beneficiaries for the purpose of distributing to such Participants and
Beneficiaries the corpus and income of the Trust Fund in accordance with the
provisions of Article V hereof.  No part of the Trust Fund corpus or income
shall be used for or diverted to purposes other than for the exclusive
benefit of Participants and Beneficiaries under the Plan, whether by
operation of law or natural termination of contracts, by power of revocation
or amendment, by the happening of a contingency, by collateral arrangement
or by any other means; provided that the Employer hereby reserves the right
to amend or revoke the Plan at any time as provided in Articles IX and X
hereof.

To the extent permitted by the Code and applicable rules and regulations
thereunder and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon the
Employer's request, a contribution which was made by a mistake of fact, or

                                     10

conditioned upon the initial qualification of the Plan or upon the
deductibility of the contribution under Code Section 404, shall be returned
to the Employer within one year after the payment of the contributions, the
denial of the qualified status of the Plan or the disallowance of the
deduction for such contribution (to the extent disallowed), whichever is
applicable.

3.3	Special Limitation on Allocations for Plan Years to Which Code Section
415(c)(6) Applies - For any Plan Year to which the special limitation of
Code Section 415(c)(6) shall otherwise apply, no more than one-third (1/3)
of the Employer contributions for the Plan Year shall be allocated to the
accounts of Highly Compensated Employees (within the meaning of Code Section
414(q)).

11

ARTICLE IV

                           INTERESTS OF PARTICIPANTS

4.1	Accounts of Participants - The Trustee shall maintain an Employer
Contribution Account for each Participant to which contributions made under
the Plan shall be credited.  The Participant's Employer Contribution Account
may, if necessary in the view of the Trustee, be subdivided into subaccounts
to reflect allocations of Employer Stock and allocations of non-Employer
Stock assets ("Other Assets") in each Participant's Employer Contribution
Account.

4.2	Allocation of Shares of Employer Stock, Income, Expense, Fluctuations
in Asset Value, Etc.

(a)	In General - As of the close of business on each Annual Valuation Date,
the Trustee shall determine, in such reasonable ways and from such information
as it may deem appropriate, the fair market value of the Trust Fund.  In
making this determination, the value of Employer Stock shall be its fair
market value on such Annual Valuation Date as determined as the closing
price on the last trading date in the month in which the Annual Valuation
Date occurs or, if the Employer Stock is not publicly traded, by an
independent appraisal by a person selected by the Plan Administrator and
acceptable to the Trustee who customarily makes such appraisals and meets
the requirements of the regulations under Code Section 170(a)(1).  After
such determination is made of the fair market value of the Trust Fund, the
Trustee shall make appropriate adjustments in the Employer Contribution
Accounts of all Participants, former Participants and Beneficiaries who have
unpaid balances in their accounts at such time, by allocating pro rata among
such accounts based on the respective balances thereof as of the next
preceding Annual Valuation Date (but after first reducing each such account
balance by any distribution from the account during the Plan Year then
ending), any increases and decreases in the value of the assets of the Trust
Fund and any income (other than contributions), expenses, and realized gains
and losses of the Trust Fund since such preceding Annual Valuation Date.

(b)	Dividends on Employer Stock - To the extent permitted by law, the
dividends (if any) paid during a Plan Year on Employer Stock held by the Plan
(whether allocated or unallocated to Participants' accounts) may be used to pay
debt on outstanding borrowings, to pay administrative or other Plan expenses,
or, in the discretion of the Plan Administrator, be paid in cash to
Participants in the Plan in accordance with the respective number of shares of
Employer Stock allocable to each Participant's account as of the Annual
Valuation Date immediately preceding the dividend payment date.

If dividends on allocated shares of Employer Stock are used to pay debt on
outstanding borrowings, there shall be transferred from the suspense account
of unallocated shares of Employer Stock to the accounts of Participants to
which the dividends would have been allocated the number of shares of
Employer Stock equal in value to the amount of dividends that would have
been allocated to such accounts, but for the use of such dividends to make
payments on borrowings.  Such allocation of shares from the suspense account
shall be made in the Plan Year in which the dividends would otherwise have
been allocated.  If dividends are paid to Participants, they shall be paid
not later than ninety (90) days after the close of the Plan Year in which
such dividends are paid to the Trust.  The direction by the Plan

                                     12
 
Administrator, which may be a continuing direction, to pay such dividends to
Participants shall be made in writing to the Trustee by the Plan
Administrator at least thirty (30) days prior to a dividend payment date.
In the event any dividends on Employer Stock are held by the Plan for a two-
year period or longer, they may only be distributed in cash if the
provisions of Article V regarding cash distributions are satisfied.

4.3	Allocation of Employer Contributions

(a)	In General - As of each Annual Valuation Date, and after
the allocations provided in Section 4.2 above, the current contribution of the
Employer shall be allocated to the Employer Contribution Accounts of (i) all
Participants who are active Employees on the last day of such Plan Year and
who have a Year of Service for such year, and (ii) all retirees and disabled
Participants who have not elected pursuant to Sections 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 to
have their Account Balances determined as of the Annual Valuation Date next
preceding their dates of retirement, in the same proportion as the Annual
Compensation of each such Participant or former Participant bears to the
aggregate Annual Compensation of all such Participants during such year.

For Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 1993 (but before January 1,
1997), as of each Annual Valuation Date, and after the allocations provided
in Section 4.2 above, the current contribution of the Employer shall be
allocated to the Employer Contribution Accounts of (i) all Participants who
are active Employees on the last day of such Plan Year, and (ii) all
Participants who retired or become totally and permanently disabled (as
defined in Section 5.2) during the Plan Year, and who have not elected
pursuant to Sections 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 to have their Account Balances
determined as of the Annual Valuation Date next preceding their dates of
retirement, in the same proportion as the Annual Compensation of each such
Participant or former Participant bears to the aggregate Annual Compensation
of all such Participants during such year, without regard to the number of
Hours of Service credited to such Participant or former Participant for such
Plan Year.

For Plan Years ending on and after August 5, 1993, an Employee on FMLA Leave
on the last day of the Plan Year who returns to work following such FMLA
Leave shall be deemed to have been an active Employee on the last day of
such Plan Year.

(b)	Allocation of Suspense Account Employer Stock - The Trustee shall
maintain a suspense account to which it shall credit all borrowings (loans,
purchase money obligations, etc.) made by it to purchase Employer Stock and to
which it shall debit all shares of Employer Stock which are purchased with such
borrowed funds.  The shares in the suspense account shall not be allocated
except as the shares are released from the suspense account as provided for
in this subsection 4.3(b).

Except in circumstances where the Plan Administrator and the Trustee agree
on a different method, a suspense account established hereunder shall be
handled as follows:  on each Annual Valuation Date, the Trustee shall
release shares of Employer Stock in the suspense account for allocation to
the accounts of Participants who are eligible to share in the Employer's
contribution for such year.  The number of shares to be released on each
Annual Valuation Date shall be equal to the number of encumbered securities
held immediately before release for the current Plan Year multiplied by a
fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of principal and interest

                                     13
 
paid for such year and the denominator of which is the sum of the principal
and interest to be paid for such year and for all future years.  If the
interest rate is variable, future interest shall be projected using the
interest rate applicable as of the end of the Plan Year.  Such released
shares of Employer Stock shall be allocated to the eligible Participants'
Employer Contribution Accounts in the manner provided in subsection (a)
above.

(c)	Earnings on Advance Employer Contributions - Earnings on advance
Employer contributions shall be allocated to eligible Participants' Employer
Contribution Accounts in the manner provided in subsection (a) above.

4.4	Maximum Additions

(a)	The Annual Additions made to the accounts of a Participant for any Plan
Year shall not exceed the lesser of: (i) $42,000, as adjusted for increases
in the cost-of-living under Code Section 415(d); or (ii) 100% of the
Participant's annual compensation, within the meaning of Code Section
415(c)(3), for the Plan Year.  The annual compensation limit referred to in
item (ii) above shall not apply to any contribution for medical benefits
after separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 401(h) or
Section 419A(f)(2)) which is otherwise treated as an annual addition.

(b)	For purposes of this Section 4.4, "compensation" means compensation as
defined in Code Section 415(c)(3).  Compensation shall include elective
deferrals under Code Sections 402(g), 125 and 457, and elective amounts that
are not includible in the Participant's gross income by reason of Code
Section 132(f)(4).

(c)	If such Annual Additions with respect to any Participant for any Plan
Year would exceed the limitations set forth in this Section 4.4, such excess
Annual Additions shall be treated in accordance with the following in the
order indicated:

(i)	First, any Employee contributions made by the Participant which would
constitute excess Annual Additions for the Plan Year shall be returned to
the Participant.

(ii)	Second, any remaining excess Annual Additions shall be reallocated to
other Participants in accordance with the method of allocation under Section
4.3 hereof to the extent that such allocations do not cause the Annual
Additions to any such other Participant's Account to exceed the limitations
set forth in this Section 4.4.

(iii)	To the extent that such allocation or reallocation of excess amounts
causes the limitation set forth in this Section 4.4 to be exceeded with
respect to each participant for the Plan Year, then such amounts will be
held unallocated in a suspense account, to be allocated in the next Plan
Year(s) in accordance with Section 4.3 hereof.  If such a suspense account
is in existence at any time in accordance with this provision, all amounts
in such suspense account must be allocated before any Employer contributions
and Employee contribution which would constitute such Annual Additions may
be made to the Plan.  Investment gains and losses and other income shall not

14

be allocated to such suspense account.  Upon termination of the Plan, any
amount remaining in such suspense account which is unallowable shall revert
to the Employer.

(d)	For purposes of this Section 4.4, the following definitions and rules
of interpretation shall apply:

(i)	The "Annual Addition" of a Participant means amounts treated as
Employer contributions, plus the Participant's contributions (if any).  With
respect to defined contribution plans under which forfeitures can occur, Annual
Additions shall also include any forfeitures allocable during the Plan Year.
Further, amounts allocated to an individual medical benefit account, as
defined in Code Section 415(l)(2), which is part of a defined benefit plan
maintained by the Employer shall be treated as Annual Additions to a
contribution plan.  In no event shall this be construed as applying the
limitations of Code Section 415(c)(1)(B) to individual medical accounts or
post-retirement medical benefits.  Rollover contributions are also not
treated as Annual Additions.

(ii)	 "Dollar Limitation" means the limitation provided in Code Section
415(c)(1)(A) (adjusted in accordance with regulations of the Secretary of
the Treasury) as in effect for the particular Plan Year.

(iii)	For purposes of computing the maximum allocation under Section 4.4(a),
all defined contribution plans (whether or not terminated) of the Employer
shall be treated as one defined contribution plan.

(iv)	When the term Employer is used in this Section, it shall mean the
Employer and any other corporation or division which is a member of a
controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Code Section 414(b), as
modified by Code Section 415(h)) of which the Employer is also a member.

(e)	In addition to other limitations set forth in the Plan and
notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Annual Additions under the
Plan (and all other defined contribution plans required to be aggregated with
this Plan under Code Section 415) shall not increase to an amount in excess of
the amount permitted (when considered with all other aggregated plans of the
Employer) under Code Section 415.

(f)	If no more than one-third of the Employer contributions for a Plan Year
are allocated to the accounts of highly compensated employees (as defined in
Code Section 414(q)), then, for purposes of determining allocations to
Participant accounts under this Section 4.4, Employer contributions which
are deductible under Code Section 404(a)(9)(B) and charged against
Participant accounts shall not be included, in accordance with Code
Section 415(c)(6).

4.5	Directed Investments By Eligible Participants

(a)	In General - Each Eligible Participant shall, during any Qualified
Election Period, be permitted to direct the investment of a portion of his
Account Balance in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4.5.  Each
Eligible Participant may elect, in a writing delivered to the Plan

15

Administrator within ninety (90) days after the close of each Plan Year in
the Qualified Election Period, to direct the investment of twenty-five
percent (25%) of such Participant's Account Balance in the Plan attributable
to Employer Stock contributed to or acquired by the Plan after December 31,
1986, determined as of the Annual Valuation Date for the Plan Year preceding
the Plan Year in which such election is made (to the extent such portion
exceeds the amount to which a prior election under this Section 4.5
applies); provided, however, that in the case of the election year in which
the Participant is permitted to make his last such election, fifty percent
(50%) shall be substituted for twenty-five percent (25%) in applying this
Section 4.5.  Any Employer Stock diversified under this Section 4.5 shall be
valued based on the closing sale price of the Employer Stock as of the last
trading day of the calendar month immediately preceding the month in which
the diversification takes place.

For purposes of this Section 4.5, a Participant's Account Balance at the end
of any Plan Year shall be deemed not to include any amounts allocated to a
Participant's Account or contributed to the Plan after the end of such Plan
Year, even if allocated as of the end of such Plan Year.  The Plan shall
offer at least three (3) investment options for Eligible Participants which
are permissible under regulations issued under the Code.  Any investment or
reinvestment made pursuant to this Section 4.5 shall be made within a
reasonable time after the Participant's written election is delivered to the
Plan Administrator, but in any event within ninety (90) days of the 90-day
period set forth in Section 4.5(a).  No fiduciary of the Plan shall have any
liability for investments and reinvestments made under this Section 4.5
pursuant to the direction of an Eligible Participant.  The Account Balance
of an Eligible Participant who directs the investment of a portion of his
Account Balance shall be charged with all costs and expenses of such
investment or reinvestment or of any other transaction hereunder at the
request of the Participant, as well as all income, gains, losses, etc.
attributable to such investment or reinvestment.

(b)	Alternative To Directed Investments - In lieu of permitting directed
investments by Eligible Participants as provided in subsection (a), the
Company may determine and direct that the portion of such Eligible
Participant's Account Balance which is actually directed for investment by
such Participant be (i) distributed to such Participant, or (ii) transferred
to another qualified plan of the Employer which accepts such transfers,
provided that such plan permits employee-directed investment and does not
invest in Employer Stock to a substantial degree.  Such distribution or
transfer shall be made within ninety (90) days of the 90-day period set
forth in Section 4.5(a) during which such Participant directed such
investment.

16

ARTICLE V

                                  BENEFITS

5.1	Normal Retirement Benefits - A Participant retiring under the Plan at
his Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to receive the entire amount of
his Account Balance in the Plan as of the Annual Valuation Date immediately
preceding the payment of such Account, provided that the Employer Stock
allocated to his Account shall be valued based on the closing sale price of
the Employer Stock as of the last trading day of the calendar month
immediately preceding the month in which payment of such Account Balance
commences.  The manner of payment of benefits distributed pursuant to this
Section 5.1 shall be determined under the provisions of Section 5.6.

5.2	Disability Benefits - In the event a Participant shall become totally
and permanently disabled (as defined below), he shall be entitled to retire
under the Plan for disability and to receive the entire amount of his
Account Balance in the Plan as of the Annual Valuation Date immediately
preceding the payment of such Account, provided that the Employer Stock
allocated to his Account shall be valued based on the closing sale price of
the Employer Stock as of the last trading date of the calendar month
immediately preceding the month in which payment of such Account Balance
commences.  Benefits pursuant to this Section 5.2 shall be distributed as
indemnification against the Participant's injury or illness, the manner of
the payment of which shall be determined as provided in Section 5.6.  A
Participant shall be considered to be totally and permanently disabled if he
is eligible for benefits under the Employer's long-term disability plan.

5.3	Postponed Retirement - If required by law and for purposes of this Plan
only, an Employee may remain in the service of the Employer after his Normal
Retirement Date.  In the event a Participant remains so employed after his
Normal Retirement Date, he shall continue to be a Participant just as if he
had not yet reached his Normal Retirement Date.  When such a Participant
actually retires, he shall be entitled to receive the entire amount of his
Account Balance as of the Annual Valuation Date immediately preceding the
payment of such Account, provided that the Employer Stock allocated to his
Account shall be valued based on the closing sale price of the Employer
Stock as of the last trading date of the month immediately preceding the
month in which payment of such Account Balance commences.  The manner of
payment of benefits distributed pursuant to this Section 5.3 shall be
determined as provided in Section 5.6.

5.4	Death Benefits - In the event of the death of the Participant before
his retirement hereunder, there shall be payable to his Beneficiary the entire
interest of the Participant in the Plan as of the Annual Valuation Date
immediately preceding the payment of such Account, provided that the
Employer Stock allocated to his Account shall be valued based on the closing
sale price of the Employer Stock as of the last trading day of the calendar
month immediately preceding the month in which payment of such interest
commences.

5.5	Benefits on Termination of Employment

(a)	Benefits Payable Upon Termination of Employment - If a Participant's
Service is terminated for any reason other than his retirement, death or

                                     17

total and permanent disability, his participation in the Plan will terminate
upon the occurrence of a Break in Service.  Each Participant shall be fully
vested in his Account Balance.  Upon incurring a one year Break in Service,
the Participant may file a written claim for benefits with the Plan
Administrator, on a form provided by the Plan Administrator for that
purpose, requesting distribution of his Account Balance.  Notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, effective as of May 1, 1999, if a Participant has
attained age 60 and has completed 20 or more Years of Service as of his
termination of Employment, the Participant's Account Balance, upon request
of the Participant, will be distributed as soon as administratively
practicable following Participant's termination of Employment.  His Account
shall be valued as of the Annual Valuation Date immediately preceding the
payment of such Account, provided that the Employer Stock allocated to his
Account shall be valued based on the closing sale price of the Employer
Stock as of the last trading date of the calendar month immediately
preceding the month in which payment of such Account Balance commences.

(b)	Time of Payment - Such amounts shall be payable to a Participant who
terminates Employment, in such manner and over such period of time as the
Participant may determine in accordance with Section 5.6.  Pending
commencement of payment thereof, the amount so payable shall be maintained
as provided in Section 5.10 hereof.  Such payment shall be made to and
accepted by the Participant in full and final satisfaction and settlement of
any and all of his claims and rights under the Plan and in the Trust Fund.

In the event a former Participant entitled to benefits under this Section
5.5 dies before such benefits shall have been paid in full, then the
remainder of his Account Balance shall be payable to his Beneficiary.

(c)	Lump Sum Payment of Value of Small Benefits - Notwithstanding any other
provision of the Plan, and irrespective of whether a Participant elects to
defer receipt of his Vested Interest under subsections (a) or (b) of this
Section 5.5, any benefits payable under the Plan may be paid as a lump sum
distribution of the Account Balance of a Participant under the following
circumstances:

(i)	If the Participant's Account Balance is not in excess of $5,000, then
the Plan Administrator shall direct the payment of such Account Balance in a
lump sum to such Participant or his Beneficiary within an administratively
practicable time after the occurrence of the event which entitles such
Participant to a distribution.  In the event of a distribution under this
Section 5.5(c)(i) in excess of $1,000, if the Member does not elect to have
such distribution paid directly to an Eligible Retirement Plan specified by
the Member in a Direct Rollover in accordance with Section 5.18 or to
receive the distribution directly, then the Plan Administrator will pay the
distribution in a Direct Rollover to an Eligible Retirement Plan designated
by the Plan Administrator.

(ii)	If the Participant's Account Balance exceeds $5,000, then with the
written consent of the Participant, the Plan Administrator shall direct the
payment of such Account Balance in a lump sum to such Participant or his
Beneficiary.

5.6	Payment of Benefits - The benefits to which a retiring, disabled or
terminated Participant is entitled upon his retirement, disability or other

                                     18

termination of Employment under Sections 5.1, 5.2, 5.3 or 5.5, as the case
may be, shall be paid as elected by the Participant in one of the ways
described in this Section 5.6.  Any such election shall be exercised by such
person in writing filed with the Plan Administrator within the period
specified in such Section 5.1, 5.2, 5.3 or 5.5, as the case may be.  The
available optional modes of payment of benefits under the Plan are as
follows:

(a)	distribution in full (lump sum) during any single calendar year;

(b)	annual installments for a period not to exceed fifteen (15) years or
the life expectancy of the Participant or the life expectancy of the
Participant and his spouse, if any; or

(c)	any combination of the above.

If a Participant dies before the commencement of distribution of his
benefits, the Beneficiary may elect any of the alternative forms of payment
under (a), (b) or (c) above which otherwise could have been elected by the
Participant; provided, however, that the Participant's Account Balance shall
be distributed within five (5) years from the date of the Participant's
death if the Beneficiary is not an individual or if the Beneficiary is an
individual and elects a lump sum distribution.  Provided, further, that any
installments shall begin within one year of the Participant's death and
continue for a period not exceeding the Beneficiary's life expectancy if the
Beneficiary is an individual or continue for a period of not more than five
(5) years from the date of the Participant's death if the Beneficiary is not
an individual.

If any distribution includes an insurance contract, such insurance contract
shall not permit a form of distribution other than a form permitted under
this Section.

Distribution of a Participant's Account Balance will be made in whole shares
of Employer Stock, cash or a combination of both, as determined by the Plan
Administrator; provided, however, that a Participant (or his Beneficiary)
shall have the right to demand distribution of his Account Balance entirely
in whole shares of Employer Stock, with the value of any fractional shares
paid in cash.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the bylaws or
charter of the Employer restrict the ownership of substantially all
outstanding employer securities to employees or a trust described in Code
Section 401(a), distribution of a Participant's Account Balance will be made
in cash.

If Employer securities (acquired with the proceeds of an exempt loan) which
are to be distributed under the Plan consist of more than one class, the
party receiving the distribution must receive substantially the same
proportion of each such class.

(d)	In the event of death of the Participant, the entire amount of the
Participant's Account, computed as of the Valuation Date coincident with or
next preceding the date of his death shall be distributed as follows:

(i)	Unless Section 5.6(d)(iii) applies, if the Participant's surviving
spouse is the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary, then distributions
to the surviving spouse will begin by December 31 of the calendar year

                                     19

immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant died, or, if
later, by December 31 of the calendar year in which the Participant would have
attained age 70-1/2.

(ii)	Unless Section 5.6(d)(iii) applies, if the Participant's surviving
spouse is not the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary, then
distributions to the designated Beneficiary will begin by December 31 of the
calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant
died.

(iii)	If the designated beneficiary has elected to receive a lump sum
distribution, or, if there is no designated Beneficiary as of September 30
of the year following the year of the Participant's death, the Participant's
entire interest will be distributed by December 31 of the calendar year
containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death.

(iv)	If the Participant's spouse is the Participant's sole designated
Beneficiary and the surviving spouse dies after the Participant but before
distribution to the surviving spouse has been made, Section 5.6(d)(i) will
apply as if the surviving spouse were the Participant.

For purposes of this Section 5.6, unless Section 5.6(d)(iv) applies,
distribution is considered to be made on the Participant's required
beginning date within the meaning of Section 5.12(b).  If Section 5.6(d)(iv)
applies, distribution is considered to be made on the date distribution is
made to the surviving spouse under Section 5.6(d)(i).

5.7	Restrictions on Participants' Right To Dispose of Employer Stock;
Employer's and Plan's Right of First Refusal - Any Employer Stock
distributed under the Plan shall be subject to the following restrictions on
its transfer (if it is not readily tradable on an established market when
the right of first refusal is exercised) and an appropriate legend
indicating this restriction will be placed on each stock certificate:

(a)	Any person (the "Seller", which shall include Participants and their
Beneficiaries) desiring to sell, transfer or assign all or any portion of
the Employer Stock distributed under this Plan shall first have received a
bona fide written offer for the purchase of such stock and shall then offer
to sell the same to the Company and the Plan, pursuant to their right of
first refusal, in the manner hereinafter set forth.

(b)	The Seller shall deliver to the Trustee and the Company a notice in
writing of his desire to sell or transfer his stock which notice shall contain
a signed copy of said bona fide offer to purchase, stating the price and other
terms and conditions of such offer and the name and address of the proposed
purchaser, along with a written statement of the Seller's willingness to
sell his stock to the Company or the Plan in preference to the proposed
purchaser.  The Trustee and the Company shall have fourteen (14) days from
the receipt of such notice within which to decide whether to purchase all of
the stock being offered and, if so, whether such purchase shall be made by
the Company or by the Plan or a part by each (such electing party, whether
the Company or the Trustee, is hereinafter called the "Purchaser").  If the
Purchaser is to purchase such stock, then it shall deliver to the Seller
(within the fourteen (14) day period provided for above) written notice of
acceptance of such offer designating a closing place and date for the

                                     20

purchase of the Employer Stock (the "Closing") which shall not be more than
thirty (30) days after the date of its notice of acceptance to the Seller.

(c)	If all of the Participant's offered Employer Stock is not to be
purchased, then the Seller shall have the right to sell such Employer Stock to
the person making the bona fide offer within 30 days following the day upon
which the Trustee and the Company were required to give notice of their
election to purchase.  Any such sale shall be under terms and conditions no
less favorable to the Seller than those presented to the Trustee and the
Company.  In the event such stock is not so sold, it shall remain subject to
the terms and conditions of this Section 5.8.

(d)	In the event the Purchaser elects to purchase the Seller's stock
pursuant to the provisions hereof, the Seller shall deliver at the Closing the
certificate(s) representing the shares to be sold, which certificate(s)
shall be duly endorsed for transfer to the Purchaser, and the purchase price
and payment thereof shall be made by the Purchaser in accordance with the
terms and provisions of the sale.  The selling price must not be less
favorable to the Seller than the greater of (i) the purchase price and terms
offered by the bona fide purchaser or (ii) the fair market value of the
Employer Stock as of the most recent Annual Valuation Date as described in
Section 4.2; provided, however, in the event the Seller is a "disqualified
person" (as defined in Code Section 4975) the fair market value shall be
determined in a manner acceptable to the Plan Administrator and the Trustee
as of the date of the transaction.

(e)	Any purported gift, sale, transfer, assignment, mortgage, pledge or
hypothecation of Employer Stock distributed under the Plan by a Participant
or his Beneficiary in violation of this restriction shall be null and void,
and the Company and the Plan shall not recognize such gift, sale, transfer,
assignment, mortgage, pledge or hypothecation as passing any interest in the
stock.

(f)	Nothing contained herein shall apply to any sale of Employer Stock
directly to the Company or the Plan other than sales made to the Plan under
the right of first refusal provided for hereunder.

5.8	Participant's Right to Put Employer Stock to the Company and the Plan

(a)	General - In the event the Plan acquires Employer Stock in a leveraged
transaction, any Participant (or his Beneficiary) thereafter receiving a
distribution of Employer Stock from the Plan at a time when such Employer
Stock is not readily tradable on an established market shall have a "put
option" on such shares, giving him the right to have the Company purchase
such shares.  The same right shall apply to any Employer Stock distributed
to a Participant (or his Beneficiary) pursuant to his exercising the right
to demand Employer Stock described in Section 5.6.  The put option shall be
exercisable during the following two election periods by giving notice in
writing to the Employer:

(i)	the first option period shall be the sixty (60) day period commencing
on the date of distribution of the shares of Employer Stock; and

21

(ii)	the second option period shall be the sixty (60) day period commencing on
the date the fair market value of the Employer Stock is determined (and the
Participant or Beneficiary is notified of such determination) for the Plan
Year next following the Plan Year in which such shares of Employer Stock are
distributed.  The Plan may be given the opportunity to purchase shares of
Employer Stock tendered to the Employer under the put option, as described
in subsection (c) hereof.  Except to the extent otherwise required by law,
the put option hereunder shall not apply at any time that the Employer Stock
is readily tradable on an established market.

(b)	Price and Payment - The price at which the put option shall be
exercisable is the fair market value as of the Annual Valuation Date which
precedes the date the put option is exercised except in the case of a put
option in favor of a "disqualified person" (as defined in Code Section 4975)
in which event the fair market value shall be determined as of the date of the
transaction.  Payment for the shares of Employer Stock put to the Employer may
be made in cash or in installments over a period not exceeding five (5) years,
at the election of the Employer.  If the purchase price is paid in
installments, a reasonable interest rate and adequate security must be
provided.  The periodic payments shall begin within thirty (30) days after the
put is exercised.

(c)	Right of Plan - The Plan shall have the option by notice in writing to
the Employer to assume the rights and obligations of the Employer under the put
option provided for herein at the time the put option is exercised.  The put
option provided for hereunder shall not bind the Plan to purchase the
Employer Stock.

(d)	Continuation of Rights - The provisions of this Section 5.8 with
respect to any Employer Stock acquired by the Plan in a leveraged transaction,
or which is distributed to Participants (or Beneficiaries) pursuant to the
right described in section 5.6 hereinabove in lieu of the Plan's right to
distribute Plan benefits in cash, shall be non-terminable and shall continue
if the loan is repaid or if the Plan ceases to be an ESOP, except to the
extent such rights have terminated in accordance with the terms hereof.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Plan, any Employer Stock
acquired in a leveraged transaction shall not be subject to any put, call,
or other option or buy-sell or similar arrangement while held by and when
distributed from the Plan, regardless of whether the Plan is then an ESOP.
The protections set forth in the preceding sentence shall be non-terminable.

5.9	Securities Laws Restrictions On Resales - To the extent that the shares
of Employer Stock to be acquired by the Plan have not been registered under
either state or federal securities laws, but have been issued and acquired
pursuant to applicable exemptions thereunder, any such Employer Stock
distributed to Participants in the Plan may only be sold by the Participant
upon registration under such securities laws or pursuant to an available
exemption thereunder.  The shares of Employer Stock held and distributed by
the Plan may be appropriately legended to reflect the restrictions on sale
in the securities laws.

5.10	Maintenance of Accounts Prior to Payout - Subject to the limitations
set forth in Section 5.5, during such period of time between termination of a
Participant's Employment as described in Section 5.5 hereof and the date
when he becomes entitled to actual payment of his interest in his Employer
Contribution Account, his Account Balance shall be maintained by the Trustee
in the following manner:
                                     22

(a)	The Trustee shall segregate on his books the Participant's Account
Balance as of the date of the termination of his Employment, and such
segregated Account Balance shall not thereafter share in any Employer
contributions or amounts otherwise allocated as Employer contributions.
The balance in a segregated account may remain invested as a part of the Trust
Fund, sharing in the net income, net loss, net appreciation and net
depreciation of the Trust Fund, to the same extent as if such accounts had not
been segregated, with the Trustee having the same powers of investment,
reinvestment and commingling as he has for all other assets of the Trust.

(b)	In the event that an individual for whom a segregated account is
maintained in accordance with Section 5.10(a) is Reemployed following a Break
in Service, such accounts shall continue to be maintained as separate accounts,
provided, however, the Plan Administrator may integrate such segregated
account with his post Break in Service Employer Contribution Account and
thereafter regard it as a single account for all purposes hereunder.

5.11	Present Value of Payments - Any method of payment of benefits shall
result in the present value of payments to be paid to the Participant being
greater than fifty percent (50%) of the present value of the total benefits to
be paid to the Participant and his Beneficiary.

5.12	Commencement of Payments

(a)	In General - Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, unless a
Participant otherwise elects in a writing delivered to the Plan
Administrator, subject, however, to the requirements of Section 5.12(b),
benefit payments hereunder shall commence not later than the earlier of (i)
sixty (60) days after the later of (A) the date on which such Participant
reaches his Normal Retirement Date, (B) the Plan Year in which occurs the
tenth anniversary of the year in which such Participant commenced
participation, or (C) the Plan Year in which such Participant's Employment
with the Employer terminates.

(b)	Required Beginning Date - Payments of a Participant's entire interest
in the Plan shall begin no later than the following date: (i) if the
Participant is a five-percent (5%) owner (within the meaning of Code Section
416(i)(1)), April 1 of the calendar year next following the calendar year in
which the Participant attains age 70-1/2, or (ii) for any other Participant,
April 1 of the calendar year next following the later to occur of his
attainment of age 70-1/2 or his retirement.

(c)	Period of Distribution

(i)	General - The requirements of this Section 5.12(c) will take precedence
over any inconsistent provisions of the Plan.  All distributions required
under this Section 5.12(c) will be determined and made in accordance with
the Treasury regulations under Code Section 401(a)(9).

(ii)	Required Beginning Date - The Participant's entire interest will be
distributed, or begin to be distributed, to the Participant no later than
the Participant's required beginning date, determined pursuant to Section
5.12(b).

23

(iii)	Forms of Distribution - Unless the Participant's entire interest is
distributed in a single lump sum on or before the required beginning date,
as of the first distribution calendar year distributions will be made in
accordance with subsections (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) of this Section
5.12(c).

(iv)	Amount of Required Minimum Distribution For Each Distribution Calendar
Year - During the Participant's lifetime, the minimum amount that will be
distributed for each distribution calendar year is the lesser of:

(1)	the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's Account balance by
the distribution period in the Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in Section
1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations, using the Participant's age as of
the Participant's birthday in the distribution calendar year; or

(2)	if the Participant's sole designated Beneficiary for the distribution
calendar year is the Participant's spouse, the quotient obtained by dividing
the Participant's Account balance by the number in the Joint and Last
Survivor Table set forth in Section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury
regulations, using the Participant's and spouse's attained ages as of the
Participant's and spouse's birthdays in the distribution calendar year.

(v)	Lifetime Required Minimum Distributions Continue Through Year of
Participant's Death - Required minimum distributions will be determined
under this Section 5.12(c) beginning with the first distribution calendar
year and up to and including the distribution calendar year that includes
the Participant's date of death.

(vi)	Death on or After Date Distributions Begin

(1)	Participant Survived by Designated Beneficiary - If the Participant
dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is a designated
Beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution
calendar year after the year of the Participant's death is the quotient
obtained by dividing the Participant's Account balance by the longer of the
remaining life expectancy of the Participant or the remaining life expectancy
of the Participant's designated Beneficiary, determined as follows:

(A)	The Participant's remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age
of the Participant in the year of death, reduced by one for each subsequent
year.

(B)	If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole
designated Beneficiary, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving
spouse is calculated for each distribution calendar year after the year of
the Participant's death using the surviving spouse's age as of the spouse's
birthday in that year.  For distribution calendar years after the year of
the surviving spouse's death, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving

24

spouse is calculated using the age of the surviving spouse as of the
spouse's birthday in the calendar year of the spouse's death, reduced by one
for each subsequent calendar year.

(C)	If the Participant's surviving spouse is not the Participant's sole
designated Beneficiary, the designated Beneficiary's remaining life
expectancy is calculated using the age of the Beneficiary in the year
following the year of the Participant's death, reduced by one for each
subsequent year.

(2)	No Designated Beneficiary -  If the Participant dies on or after the
date distributions begin and there is no designated Beneficiary as of September
30 of the year after the year of the Participant's death, the minimum amount
that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year
of the Participant's death is the quotient obtained by dividing the
Participant's Account balance by the Participant's remaining life expectancy
calculated using the age of the Participant in the year of death, reduced by
one for each subsequent year.

(vii)	Death Before Date Distributions Begin

(1)	Participant Survived by Designated Beneficiary -  If the Participant
dies before the date distributions begin and there is a designated Beneficiary,
the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar
year after the year of the Participant's death is the quotient obtained by
dividing the Participant's Account balance by the remaining life expectancy
of the Participant's designated Beneficiary, determined as provided in
Section 5.12(c)(vi).

(2)	No Designated Beneficiary -  If the Participant dies before the date
distributions begin and there is no designated Beneficiary as of September
30 of the year following the year of the Participant's death, distribution
of the Participant's entire interest will be completed by December 31 of the
calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death.

(3)	Death of Surviving Spouse Before Distributions to Surviving Spouse Are
Required to Begin -  If the Participant dies before the date distributions
begin, the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole
designated Beneficiary, and the surviving spouse dies before distributions
are required to begin to the surviving spouse under Section 5.6(d), this
Section 5.12(c)(vii) will apply as if the surviving spouse were the
Participant.

(viii)	Definitions - The following definitions shall apply for purposes of
Sections 5.6 and 5.12:

(1)	Designated Beneficiary -  The individual who is designated as the
Beneficiary under Article VI of the Plan and is the designated Beneficiary

25

under Code Section 401(a)(9) and Section 1.401(a)(9)-1, Q&A-4 of the
Treasury regulations.

(2)	Distribution calendar year -  A calendar year for which a minimum
distribution is required.  For distributions beginning before the
Participant's death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar
year immediately preceding the calendar year which contains the
Participant's required beginning date.  For distributions beginning after
the Participant's death, the first distribution calendar year is the
calendar year in which distributions are required to begin under Section
5.6(d).  The required minimum distribution for the Participant's first
distribution calendar year will be made on or before the Participant's
required beginning date.  The required minimum distribution for other
distribution calendar years, including the required minimum distribution for
the distribution calendar year in which the Participant's required beginning
date occurs, will be made on or before December 31 of that distribution
calendar year.

(3)	Life expectancy -  Life expectancy as computed by use of the Single
Life Table in Section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations.

(4)	Participant's Account balance -  The Account balance as of the last
valuation date in the calendar year immediately preceding the distribution
calendar year (valuation calendar year) increased by the amount of any
contributions made and allocated or forfeitures allocated to the Account
balance as of dates in the valuation calendar year after the valuation date
and decreased by distributions made in the valuation calendar year after the
valuation date.  The Account balance for the valuation calendar year
includes any amounts rolled over or transferred to the Plan either in the
valuation calendar year or in the distribution calendar year if distributed
or transferred to the Plan either in the valuation calendar year or in the
distribution calendar year if distributed or transferred in the valuation
calendar year.

5.13	Error in Participant's Account - When an error or omission is
discovered in the account of a Participant, the Trustee shall, upon direction
by the Plan Administrator make such equitable adjustments as the Plan
Administrator deems necessary as of the Plan Year in which the error or
omission is discovered.

5.14	No Other Benefits or Withdrawals - Except as expressly provided for in
this Article V or Section 4.5(b), for so long as this Plan continues in
effect no individual, whether a Participant, former Participant, Beneficiary
or otherwise, shall be entitled to any payment or withdrawal of funds from
the Trust Fund.

5.15	Voting Rights

(a)	Voting of Allocated Shares - Except as provided in subsection (d)
below, each Participant shall have the right to direct the Trustee
confidentially with respect to the voting of Employer Stock held in the Trust
and allocated to the Participant's Employer Contribution Account.  The
Participant shall convey his instructions with respect to such shares in

26

confidence in writing to the ESOP Committee, which shall then inform the
Trustee of such voting instructions.  In the absence of an ESOP Committee, such
instructions shall be communicated by the Participants directly to the Trustee.
The instructions so received by the ESOP Committee and Trustee shall be held by
the ESOP Committee and Trustee in confidence and shall not be divulged or
released to any person.  Upon timely receipt of such instructions, the
Trustee shall on each matter vote as instructed the number of shares of
Employer Stock allocated to such Participant's Employer Contribution
Account.  To the extent permitted by law, any shares with respect to which
the Participant does not give directions for voting in a timely manner shall
be voted by the Trustee as directed by the ESOP Committee.  For voting
purposes, allocated fractional shares of Employer Stock shall be aggregated
into whole shares of Employer Stock and voted by the Trustee to the extent
possible to reflect the voting instructions of Participants with respect to
whole shares of Employer Stock allocated to their Employer Contribution
Accounts.

(b)	Voting of Unallocated Shares - Except as provided in (d) below, shares
of Employer Stock held by the Trustee and not yet allocated to Participants'
Employer Contribution Accounts shall be voted by the Trustee, in the same
proportion as Participants direct the voting of allocated shares of Employer
Stock.

(c)	Obligations of the Company - Except as provided in (d) below, the
Company shall in an appropriate time and manner furnish the Trustee and
Participants with proxy materials, notices and information statements when
voting rights are to be exercised.  In general, the materials to be furnished
Participants shall be the same as those provided to security holders.

(d)	Voting Non-Registration Type Stock - In the event the Employer Stock is
not at the time a registration-type class of securities as defined in Code
Section 409(e), then except as provided in the following sentence, the
Employer Stock held in the Trust shall be voted in the manner determined by
the ESOP Committee and communicated in writing to the Trustee.  With respect
to any matter which involves the voting of such shares with respect to the
approval or disapproval of any corporate merger, consolidation,
recapitalization, reclassification, liquidation, dissolution, sale of
substantially all the assets or such similar transaction as prescribed in
regulations, each Participant shall be entitled to direct the Trustee as to
the exercise of any voting rights attributable to shares of Employer Stock
allocated to his Employer Contribution Account at such date.  On all other
matters, the ESOP Committee and the Trustee need not solicit voting
instructions from Participants.

5.16	Tender or Exchange Offer for Company Stock

(a)	Tender or Exchange of Allocated Shares - Notwithstanding the other
provisions of the Plan, in the event of a tender or exchange offer for
Employer Stock at a time when such Employer Stock is readily tradable on an
established market, each current or former Participant (or after the death
of a former Participant, his Beneficiary) who has shares of Employer Stock
allocated to his Employer Contribution Account hereunder shall be given the
opportunity to direct the Trustee confidentially regarding whether to tender
or exchange the whole shares of Employer Stock allocated to his Employer
Contribution Account.  To such end, as promptly as practicable after a
tender or exchange offer for Employer Stock is made, the Trustee shall send

                                     27
 
to all those described in the preceding sentence (hereinafter referred to as
the "Affected Participants") such materials and forms for responding as are
appropriate in order to determine the direction of each Affected
Participant.  Any form for responding shall prominently note that failure by
an Affected Participant to return such form within a specified reasonable
period of time shall be deemed a direction to the Trustee not to tender or
exchange the whole shares of Employer Stock allocated to the Employer
Contribution Account of such Affected Participant.  The Participant shall
convey his instructions in confidence in writing to the ESOP Committee,
which shall then convey such instructions to the Trustee.  In the absence of
an ESOP Committee, such instructions shall be conveyed directly to the
Trustee.  As promptly as practicable after receiving an Affected
Participant's response form which directs it to tender or exchange his whole
shares of Employer Stock, the Trustee shall carry out the tender or exchange
of such shares; provided, however, that the Trustee shall have the right to
change or to modify its actions hereunder to comply with the terms of any
valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction directing it to take
certain actions inconsistent with the requirements of this Section.  After
the expiration of the period during which Affected Participants may direct
the Trustee to tender or exchange their shares, the Trustee shall determine
the total number of whole shares it was directed to tender or exchange, and
the total number of whole shares it was directed not to tender or exchange
(either expressly or by failure to timely respond).  If the majority of the
allocated whole shares of Employer Stock were directed to be tendered or
exchanged, then the Trustee shall also tender or exchange, as promptly as
practicable, any allocated fractional shares which are held in the Trust.
However, if the majority of the allocated whole shares of Employer Stock
were not directed to be tendered or exchanged, the Trustee shall not tender
or exchange any such allocated fractional shares.  In carrying out the steps
necessary to determine the directions of Affected Participants under this
Section, the Trustee shall adopt such means as it deems appropriate to
provide Affected Participants with the opportunity to indicate their
directions in a confidential manner, i.e., without the disclosure of any
Affected Participant's individual decision to the public or the Company.

(b)	Unallocated Shares - In the case of shares of Employer Stock that have
not been allocated to the Employer Contribution Accounts, the ESOP Committee
shall convey tender or exchange instructions to the Trustee with respect to
such unallocated shares, which instructions shall direct that the Trustee
tender or exchange such shares in the same proportion as Participants direct
the tender or exchange of shares of Employer Stock allocated to their
Employer Contribution Accounts, treating for this purpose the failure of a
Participant to instruct or validly instruct the ESOP Committee or Trustee as
a decision not to tender or exchange.

5.17	Appraisal of Employer Stock - In the event that any class or series of
Employer Stock held by the Plan is not readily tradable on an established
market, all valuations, including the annual valuation, of Employer Stock
must be performed by an independent appraiser meeting the requirements of
the regulations under Code Section 170(a)(1).

5.18	Direct Transfer of Eligible Rollover Distributions

(a)	For the purposes of this Section 5.18, the following definitions shall
apply:

28

(i)	"Eligible Rollover Distribution" shall mean any distribution of all or
any portion of the balance to the credit of the Distributee, except that an
Eligible Rollover Distribution shall not include:  any distribution that is
one of a series of substantially equal periodic payments (not less
frequently than annually) made for the life (or life expectancy) of the
Distributee or the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the
Distributee and the Distributee's designated Beneficiary, or for a specified
period of ten years or more; any distribution to the extent such
distribution is required under Code Section 401(a)(9); distribution
described in Code Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV); or the portion of any
Distribution that is not includable in gross income (determined without
regard to the exclusion for net unrealized appreciation with respect to
employer securities).

(ii)	"Eligible Retirement Plan" shall mean an individual retirement account
described in Code Section 408(a), an individual retirement annuity described
in Code Section 408(b), an annuity plan described in Code Section 403(a), a
qualified trust described in Code Section 401(a), that accepts the
Distributee's Eligible Rollover Distribution, or an annuity contract
described in Code Section 403(b) and an eligible plan under Code Section
457(b) which is maintained by a state, political subdivision of a state, or
any agency or instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state
and which agrees to separately account for amounts transferred into such
plan from the Plan.  The definition of Eligible Retirement Plan shall also
apply in the case of a distribution to a surviving spouse, or to a spouse or
former spouse who is the alternate payee under a qualified domestic relation
order, as defined in Code Section 414(p).  However, in the case of an
Eligible Rollover Distribution to the surviving spouse, an Eligible
Retirement Plan shall mean only an individual retirement account or
individual retirement annuity.

(iii)	"Distributee" shall mean an Employee or former Employee.  In addition,
the Employees or former Employee's surviving spouse and the Employee's or
former Employee's spouse or former spouse who is the alternate payee under a
qualified domestic relations order, as defined in Code Section 414(p), are
Distributees with regard to the interest of the spouse or former spouse.

(iv)	"Direct Rollover" shall mean a payment to the Eligible Retirement Plan
specified by the Distributee either by direct transfer from the Plan, or by
delivery of the distribution check by the Distributee, provided such check
is made out in a manner to ensure that it is negotiable only by the trustee
of the Eligible Retirement Plan.

(b)	Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, a
Distributee may elect, at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Plan
Administrator, to have any portion of an Eligible Rollover Distribution paid
directly to an Eligible Retirement Plan specified by the Distributee in a
Direct Rollover.

29

ARTICLE VI

                          DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY

Each Employee becoming a Participant hereunder shall designate in writing,
in such form and manner as shall be prescribed by such rules and regulations
as the Plan Administrator may promulgate in this connection, a Beneficiary
of any interest under this Trust which may be payable with respect to such
Participant in the event of his death before or after retirement, or after
such termination of Service as may entitle him to a Vested Interest in the
Trust Fund, which designation may include the designation of an alternate
Beneficiary.  Subject also to such rules and regulations as the Plan
Administrator may promulgate, a Participant may from time to time change
such designation of Beneficiary (or alternate Beneficiary).

In the event benefits become payable upon the death of a Participant and no
Beneficiary has been properly designated as above provided, or if the
designated Beneficiary shall have predeceased him, such benefits shall be
payable in full to the following in the order set out: (1) to the surviving
spouse of the Participant or (2) if the Participant dies without a spouse
then living, to the surviving children of the Participant (per capita) or
(3) if none of the foregoing persons is then living, to the surviving
brothers and sisters of the Participant (per capita) or (4) if none of the
foregoing persons is then living, to the surviving parents of the
Participant (per capita) or (5) if none of the foregoing persons is then
living, to the Participant's estate.  The identity of the Beneficiary of a
deceased Participant's interest shall be determined by the Plan
Administrator after reasonable investigation.  The determination of the Plan
Administrator in this connection shall be final and conclusive and both the
Plan Administrator and the Trustee shall be fully protected in paying such
benefits to such deceased Participant's Beneficiary as so determined,
regardless of whether payments are actually made to a person or persons who
actually constitute beneficiaries of such deceased Participant under the
provisions hereof.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the Participant's entire interest
in the Plan at his death, if any, shall be paid to such Participant's
surviving spouse (if such spouse is then living) unless prior to the
Participant's death, the spouse consents in a writing witnessed by a Plan
representative or a notary public to permit the Participant to designate a
person other than the spouse as the Participant's Beneficiary, which consent
may expressly permit designations of Beneficiary(ies) by the Participant
without any requirement of further consent by such spouse.  This provision
shall not apply where it is established to the satisfaction of the Plan
Administrator that such consent cannot be obtained because there is no
spouse, because the spouse cannot be located, or because of such other
circumstances as may be permitted by the regulations.  Neither shall this
provision apply unless the spouse and Participant have been married
throughout the one year period ending on the date of the Participant's
death.  The Plan Administrator shall provide to each Participant within a
reasonable time before such Participant is entitled to receive benefits, a
written explanation of the Participant's spouse's right to waive the
surviving spouse benefits described in this Article VI.

30

ARTICLE VII

                               ADMINISTRATION

7.1	Allocation of Responsibility Among Fiduciaries for Plan and Trust
Administration - The Fiduciaries shall have only those specified powers,
duties, responsibilities and obligations as are specifically given them
under this Plan and Trust.  In general, the Employer shall have the sole
responsibility for making the contributions provided for under Article III,
and the Company shall have the sole authority to appoint and remove the
Trustee, the Plan Administrator and any Investment Manager or Managers which
it may elect to provide for managing all or any portion of the Trust, and to
amend or terminate, in whole or in part, this Plan and Trust.  The Plan
Administrator shall have the sole responsibility for the administration of
the Plan and the Trustee shall have the sole responsibility for management
of the assets held under the Trust (except where an Investment Manager has
been appointed), all as more specifically provided hereinafter.  Each
Fiduciary may rely upon any direction, information or action of another
Fiduciary in the exercise of the latter's respective powers, duties,
responsibilities arid obligations hereunder, as being proper under this Plan
and Trust, and shall not be required to inquire into the propriety of any
such direction, information or action.  It is intended that each Fiduciary
shall be responsible for the proper exercise of its own powers, duties,
responsibilities and obligations under this Plan and Trust and shall not be
responsible for any act or failure to act of another Fiduciary.  No
Fiduciary guarantees the Trust Fund in any manner against investment loss or
depreciation in asset value.

7.2	Appointment of Plan Administrator - The Plan Administrator shall be the
ESOP Committee, or in its absence, the Employer.  It is anticipated that in
the absence of the ESOP Committee, the Employer shall delegate its rights,
duties and responsibilities as Plan Administrator to an administrative
committee consisting of one or more persons designated from time to time by
the Board of Directors of the Employer, and the Employer hereby authorizes
such delegation.

The President of the Employer (or in the event of the President's inability
or failure to act, any Vice President of such company) shall certify in
writing to the Trustee, as promptly as practicable after any change in the
membership of the ESOP Committee, the names of the persons then serving as
members of the committee.  The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on the
names so certified as being the authorized and acting members of the
committee until notified of any change by subsequent certification.

The ESOP Committee or any administrative committee may act at a meeting or
by unanimous written consent without a meeting.  Such committee shall elect
one of its members as chairman, appoint a secretary, who may or may not be a
committee member, and advise the Trustee of such actions in writing.  The
secretary shall keep a record of all meetings and forward all necessary
communications to the Employer or the Trustee.  A quorum of the committee
shall consist of not less than two-thirds of the members thereof, and a
majority vote of those present shall control on all matters acted upon at a
meeting of the committee.  A dissenting committee member who, within a
reasonable time after he has knowledge of any action or failure to act by
the majority, registers his dissent in writing delivered to the other
committee members, the Employer, and the Trustee, shall not be responsible
for any such action or failure to act.

                                     31

7.3	Claims Procedure - The Plan Administrator shall make all determinations
as to the right of any person to eligibility or a benefit under the Plan.
Benefits under this Plan will be paid only if the Plan Administrator decides
in its discretion that the applicant is entitled to them.  If a written
request for a Plan benefit by a Participant or Beneficiary is wholly or
partially denied, the Plan Administrator will provide such claimant a
comprehensible written notice setting forth:

(i)	the specific reason or reasons for such denial;

(ii)	specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is
based;

(iii)	a description of any additional material or information necessary for
the claimant to submit to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such
material or information is necessary;

(iv)	a description of the Plan's claim review procedure.  The review
procedure is available upon written request by the claimant to the Plan
Administrator within 60 days after receipt by the claimant of written notice of
the denial of the claim, and includes the right to examine pertinent documents
and submit issues and comments in writing to the Plan Administrator.  The
decision on review will be made within 60 days after receipt of the request
for review unless circumstances warrant an extension of time not to exceed
an additional 60 days and shall be in writing and drafted in a manner
calculated to be understood by the claimant, and include specific reasons
for the decision with references to the specific Plan provisions on which
the decision is based.

7.4	Records and Reports - The Plan Administrator shall exercise such
authority and responsibility as it deems appropriate in order to comply with
ERISA and governmental regulations issued thereunder relating to records of
Participants' service and Account Balances; notifications to Participants;
annual registration with the Internal Revenue Service; annual reports to the
Department of Labor; and such other documents or reports as may be required
by ERISA.  The Employer shall from time to time make available to the Plan
Administrator such information with respect to the Employees, their dates of
employment, their compensation, and other matters as may be necessary or
desirable in connection with the performance by the Plan Administrator of
its duties with respect to the Plan.  The Plan Administrator shall, in turn,
furnish to the Trustee such information and such rulings and decisions as
the Trustee may require or may request in connection with the performance of
its duties as Trustee of the Trust Fund hereby created.

7.5	Other Plan Administrator Powers and Duties - The Plan Administrator
shall have such duties and powers as may be necessary to discharge its duties
hereunder, including, but not by way of limitation, the provisions of
Section 1.19 and the following:

(a)	the sole and exclusive authority to construe and interpret the Plan,
decide all questions of eligibility and determine the amount, manner and time
of payment of any benefits hereunder;

32

(b)	to prescribe procedures to be followed by Participants or Beneficiaries
filing applications for benefits;

(c)	to prepare and distribute, in such manner as the Plan Administrator
determines to be appropriate, information explaining the Plan;

(d)	to receive from the Employer and from Participants such information as
shall be necessary for the proper administration of the Plan;

(e)	to furnish the Employer, upon request, such annual reports with respect
to the administration of the Plan as are reasonable and appropriate;

(f)	to receive, review and keep on file (as it deems convenient or proper)
reports of the financial condition, and of the receipts and disbursements,
of the Trust Fund from the Trustee (or any Investment Manager);

(g)	to appoint or employ individuals or other parties to assist in the
administration of the Plan and any other agents it deems advisable,
including accountants and legal and actuarial counsel; and

(h)	to designate or employ persons to carry out any of the Plan
Administrator's fiduciary duties or responsibilities under the Plan.

7.6	Rules and Decisions - The Plan Administrator may adopt such bylaws,
rules and regulations as it deems necessary, desirable, or appropriate,
provided that same shall not be inconsistent with or contrary to the express
terms of this Plan.  All such bylaws, rules, regulations and decisions of the
Plan Administrator shall be uniformly and consistently applied to all
Participants in similar circumstances.  When making a determination or
calculation, the Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely upon
information furnished by a Participant or Beneficiary, the Employer, the
legal or actuarial counsel of the Employer, any Investment Manager, or the
Trustee.

7.7	Authorization of Benefit Payments - The Plan Administrator shall issue
directions to the Trustee concerning all benefits which are to be paid from
the Trust Fund pursuant to the provisions of the Plan.

7.8	Application and Forms for Benefits - The Plan Administrator may require
a Participant to complete and file with the Plan Administrator an application
for a benefit and all other forms approved by the Plan Administrator and to
furnish all pertinent information requested by the Plan Administrator.  The
Plan Administrator may rely upon all such information so furnished it,
including but not limited to the Participant's current mailing address.

7.9	Payment for Benefit of Disabled or Incapacitated Person - Whenever, in
the Plan Administrator's opinion, a person entitled to receive any payment of a
benefit or installment thereof hereunder is under a legal disability or is
incapacitated in any way so as to be unable to manage his financial affairs,
the Plan Administrator may direct the Trustee to make payments to such
person or to his legal representative or to a relative or friend of such
person for his benefit, or the Plan Administrator may direct the Trustee to
apply the payment for the benefit of such person In such manner as the Plan

33

Administrator considers advisable.  Any payment of a benefit or installment
thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Section shall be a
complete discharge of any liability for the making of such payment under the
provisions of the Plan.

7.10	Notices to Trustee - All notices from the Plan Administrator or any
Investment Manager to the Trustee shall be in writing, and the Trustee may
rely thereon in carrying out its duties and responsibilities hereunder.

7.11	Indemnification by the Company - The Company shall indemnify and hold
harmless the Board of Directors, any Employee performing duties with respect
to the Plan, the Plan Administrator and the Trustee from and against any and
all claims, losses, damages, expenses and liabilities arising from their
responsibilities in connection with the Plan, unless such liability arises
from the person's gross negligence or dishonesty in the performance of its
duties.

34

ARTICLE VIII

              POWERS, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE TRUSTEE

8.1	Establishment and Acceptance of Trust - The Trustee shall hold and
manage the assets received by it to be included in the Trust Fund.  All
contributions so received together with the income therefrom shall be
managed, invested and reinvested by the Trustee in accordance with Section

8.2, subject, however, to the right of the Company to appoint and employ an
Investment Manager or Managers, to manage and/or invest and reinvest the
Trust Fund, or any part thereof, in which event the Investment Manager shall
be certified as such to the Trustee by the Company and the Trustee shall not
be liable for the acts or omissions of such Investment Manager or Managers
or be under any obligation to manage or invest the assets of the Trust Fund
which are subject to management by such Investment Manager or Managers.  Any
such Investment Manager so employed must meet the definition thereof
contained in Section 3(38) of ERISA and must acknowledge in writing at the
time of such employment that he or it is a fiduciary with respect to the
Plan.  The chief executive officer of any such Investment Manager shall
certify in writing to the Trustee the names of all persons who shall act on
behalf of the Investment Manager with respect to the Trust Fund, and the
Trustee may rely thereon in its dealings with the Investment Manager.  The
Trustee shall have the power to take such action and execute such documents
with respect to the Plan, the Trust Fund created thereunder and the benefits
provided thereunder as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to carry
out the purposes for which the Plan is established and operated.

8.2	Investment of Trust Fund - The Plan is designed to be an employee stock
ownership plan (as such term is defined in Code Section 4975.  Therefore,
the Employer Contribution Accounts under the Trust Fund shall be invested
primarily in Employer Stock.  The ESOP Committee shall direct the Trustee in
writing as to all purchases and sales of Employer Stock by the Plan.  Shares
of Employer Stock may be purchased in the open market, from the Company or
affiliates of the Company, or through privately negotiated transactions, at
prices not in excess of the fair market value of the Employer Stock on the
date of the purchase, as long as such purchases are permitted by applicable
law.  The Trustee may suspend purchases of Employer Stock in circumstances
which, in the opinion of counsel for the Trustee, such suspension is
necessary to comply with rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, in which event such purchases will be made or resumed
as or when the Trustee is satisfied that such purchases are permitted under
such rules and regulations.  To the extent the Trustee does not receive such
written direction from the Plan Administrator and to the extent the Trust
Fund is not invested in Employer Stock, the funds of the Trust may be
invested in stocks, common or preferred, trust shares, mutual fund shares,
annuity contracts and insurance policies (including specifically "key man"
insurance on any key employee of the Employer) bonds and mortgages and other
evidences of indebtedness or ownership, master variable notes, commercial
paper, repurchase agreements issued by persons other than the Trustee which
are secured by obligations of the U.S. Treasury or agencies or
instrumentalities of the United States (except as any such investment may be
limited hereunder or under the provisions of ERISA), and, consistently with
Code Section 4975(d)(4), any deposits with Southwest Georgia Bank or an
affiliated state or federally supervised bank, including certificates of
deposits or savings certificates, and in any common trust fund or commingled
trust fund maintained by the Trustee for the investment of qualified

                                     35
 
employee benefit trusts; provided, however, the Trustee or Investment
Manager, as the case may be, shall be subject to the principal requirements
that the Plan is to be invested primarily in Employer Stock and that the
investments of the other assets of the Plan shall be diversified to the
extent necessary to minimize the risk of large losses, unless under the
circumstances it is clearly prudent not to do so.  For purposes of the
restrictions on investment in and holding of Employer Stock, the Trustee
(and any Investment Manager) shall be permitted to invest in and hold such
securities having an aggregate fair market value up to 100% of the fair
market value of the Trust Fund's assets.

In the event the Plan Administrator directs the Trustee to dispose of shares
of Employer Stock under circumstances which would, in the opinion of counsel
for the Trustee, require registration of such shares under the Securities
Act of 1933 and/or qualification of the shares under the blue sky laws of
any state or states, then the Trustee shall not be required to proceed with
such disposition of the shares unless the Employer takes any and all actions
as may be deemed necessary to effect such registration and/or qualification.
The costs of such registration and/or qualification shall be borne by the
Employer.

The Trustee may cause any investment in securities held by the Trustee to be
registered in or transferred into its name as Trustee or into the name of
such nominee as it may appoint, or it may retain the same unregistered and
in such form as shall permit transferability, but the books and records of
the Trust Fund shall at all times show that all such investments are part of
the Trust Fund.

The ESOP Committee shall establish the general investment policy and
objectives for the Trust Fund and shall communicate same to the Trustee and
any Investment Manager who may then be serving as such, as promptly as
practicable after establishing or revising same.  It shall be the
responsibility of the Trustee and any such Investment Manager to advise the
Company, in writing, at reasonable intervals and at such other times as the
Company shall request of all investments and reinvestments of the Trust Fund
made in furtherance of such investment policy and objectives.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.2, the investment
of Trust Fund assets shall be subject to the provisions of Article IV of the
Plan.

8.3	Discharge of Duties - The ESOP Committee, Plan Administrator, the
Trustee and any Investment Manager (and any other party who may at any time be
serving as a Fiduciary with respect to the Plan) shall discharge their
duties solely in the interests of the Participants and Beneficiaries, for
the exclusive purpose of providing benefits as herein described and
defraying reasonable expenses of administration, in accordance with the Plan
and consistent with the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA Title
I, and with the care, skill, prudence and diligence, under the circumstances
then prevailing, that a prudent man acting in a like capacity and familiar
with such matters would use in the conduct of an enterprise of like
character and with like aims.

8.4	Prohibited Transactions - Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, neither the Trustee, nor any other party at any time serving as a
Fiduciary with respect to the Plan, shall cause the Plan to engage in any
"prohibited transactions" as same are defined and applicable to this Plan under
ERISA Section 406 or Code Section 4975, subject to any available and applicable
                                     36

exception contained in or allowed by ERISA or the Code, and, except as
otherwise permitted by such exemption and provided for herein, in complying
with such limitations, neither the Trustee nor any other Fiduciary shall
engage in any transaction which they know or should know constitutes a
direct or indirect:

(a)	sale or exchange or leasing of any property between the Trust Fund and
a "party in interest" or a "disqualified person" (as such terms are defined
under ERISA);

(b)	lending of money or other extension of credit between the Trust Fund
and a party in interest or a disqualified person;

(c)	furnishing of goods, services, or facilities between the Trust Fund and
a party in interest or a disqualified person;

(d)	transfer to, or use by or for the benefit of, a party in interest or a
disqualified person, of any assets of the Trust Fund; or

(e)	acquisition, on behalf of the Trust Fund, of any Employer security or
Employer real property which would constitute a violation by this Plan of
Section 407 of ERISA.

Unless such transaction is permissible under ERISA, neither the Trustee nor
any other Fiduciary shall deal with the assets of the Trust Fund in their
own interest or for their own account or act in any transaction involving
the Trust Fund on behalf of a party (or represent a party) whose interests
are adverse to the interests of the Trust Fund or the interests of its
Participants or Beneficiaries.  No Fiduciary shall receive any consideration
for its own personal account from any party dealing with the Trust Fund in
connection with a transaction involving the assets of the Trust Fund.

8.5	Delegation of Responsibilities - The Trustee and any other party
serving as a Fiduciary with respect to the Plan shall act prudently in the
delegation or allocation of responsibilities to other persons (to the extent
such delegation or allocation is allowable hereunder and under ERISA), and
if at any time there is more than one authorized Trustee serving, each
Trustee shall exercise reasonable care to prevent the other Trustees from
committing a breach of such other Trustees' obligations and responsibilities
hereunder.  Each Fiduciary shall conduct a periodic review to assure that
functions delegated by such Fiduciary are carried out properly.  Neither the
Trustee nor any other person serving at any time as a Fiduciary with respect
to the Plan shall be liable for the actions of any other Trustee or
Fiduciary unless he knowingly participates, approves, acquiesces in or
conceals a breach of obligations and responsibilities committed by the
other.

8.6	Powers of Trustee - Subject to the rights of the ESOP Committee with
respect to the purchase and sale of Employer Stock, the terms of an exempt
loan, and the rights of the Participants with respect to the voting and
tender of Employer Stock, the Trustee (and any Investment Manager to the
extent applicable to its investment powers and duties) shall have the
following powers and authority in the administration and investment of the
Trust Fund, to be exercised without being required to make or to file any
inventory or appraisal with, nor to give any bond or be a surety thereon to,

                                     37

any officer, court or tribunal, and in accordance with and subject to the
above provisions of this Article VIII:

(a)	Purchase of Property - To purchase or subscribe for any securities or
other property, real and personal, and to retain the same in trust.

(b)	Sale, Exchange, Conveyance and Transfer of Property - To sell,
exchange, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of any securities or other
property held by it, by public or private sale without notice, advertisement or
court order.  No person dealing with the Trustee shall be bound to see to the
application of the purchase money or to inquire into the validity,
expediency, or propriety of any such-sale or other disposition.

(c)	Exercise of Owner's Rights - Subject to Section 5.15, to vote in
accordance with its fiduciary obligations hereunder any Employer Stock or any
other stocks, bonds or other securities held in the Trust Fund on all matters
for which such vote is required; to give general or special proxies or powers
of attorney with or without power of substitution; to exercise any conversion
privileges, subscription rights, or other options, and to make any payments
incidental thereto; to oppose, or to consent to or otherwise participate in,
corporate reorganizations or other changes affecting corporate securities,
and to delegate discretionary powers, and to pay any assessments or charges
in connection therewith; and generally to exercise any of the powers of an
owner with respect to the Employer Stock and any other stocks, bonds,
securities or other property held as part of the Trust Fund.

(d)	Borrowing - To borrow or raise money for the purpose of the Plan in
such amount, and upon such terms and conditions, including entering into
purchase money transactions, as the ESOP Committee appointed by the Board may
direct and the Trustee shall determine appropriate; and for any sum so
borrowed, to issue its promissory note as Trustee, and to secure the repayment
thereof by pledging all or any part of the Trust Fund.  No person lending money
to the Trustee shall be bound to see to the application of the money lent or to
inquire into the validity, expediency or propriety of any such borrowing.
Any borrowing by the Trustee to purchase Employer Stock shall provide for
the following special provisions:

(i)	the Plan shall repay to the lender the amount of such loan, together
with the interest thereon, only out of amounts contributed for such purposes to
the Plan by the Employer;

(ii)	from time to time, as the Plan repays such loan, shares of Employer
Stock shall be released from the suspense account for allocation to
Participants' accounts as provided in Section 4.3 (b);

(iii)	the collateral, if any, from the Trust Fund to secure such loan shall
be limited to the Employer Stock purchased with the proceeds of such loan and
then only to the extent that such stock has not been released from the
suspense account for allocation to Participants' accounts as provided for in
Section 4.3;

(iv)	the loan shall be made without recourse against the existing assets of
the Plan;

38

(v)	in the event of default by the Plan under such loan, the value of
assets of the Plan transferred in satisfaction of the loan must not exceed the
amount of the default; provided, where the lender is a "disqualified person"
(as such term is defined in Code Section 4975), Plan assets may be transferred
to such disqualified person only upon and to the extent of failure to meet
the payment schedule of the loan;

(vi)	the loan must be for a specific term, and not payable on demand, and
the interest rate on the loan must not be in excess of a reasonable rate; and

(vii)	such other requirements as may be necessary for the loan or purchase
money transaction to meet the applicable requirements of Code Section 4975 for
an exempt loan.

(e)	Retention of Cash - To keep such portion of the Trust Fund in cash or
cash balances as the Trustee, from time to time, may deem to be in the best
interests of the Trust, without liability for interest thereon.

(f)	Retention of Property Acquired - To accept and retain for such time as
it may deem advisable any securities or other property received or acquired by
it as Trustee hereunder, whether or not such securities or other property
would normally be purchased as investments hereunder.

(g)	Execution of Instruments - To make, execute, acknowledge and delivery
any and all documents of transfer and conveyance and any and all other
instruments that may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the powers
herein granted.

(h)	Settlement of Claims and Debts - To settle, compromise or submit to
arbitration any claims, debts or damages due or owing to or from the Trust
Fund, to commence or defend suits or legal or administrative proceedings,
and to represent the Trust Fund in all suits and legal and administrative
proceedings.

(i)	Employment of Agents and Counsel - To employ suitable agents and
counsel (who shall be counsel for or acceptable to the Company), and to pay
their reasonable expenses and compensation, and the Trustee shall be fully
protected in relying upon the advice of such counsel.

(j)	Buy-Sell Agreements - To enter into buy-sell agreements upon such terms
as the Trustee deems appropriate for the purchase of Employer Stock which give
the Plan the option to purchase Employer Stock upon the death of another
party to the agreement, but which do not obligate the Plan to purchase such
Employer Stock.

(k)	Power to Do Any Necessary Act - To do all acts, take all such
proceedings, and exercise all such rights and privileges, although not
specifically mentioned herein, as the Trustee may deem necessary to administer
the Trust Fund and to carry out the purposes of this Trust.

8.7	Payments From The Fund - The Trustee shall from time to time, on the
written directions of the Plan Administrator, make payments out of the Trust

39

Fund to such persons, in such manner, in such amounts, and for such purposes
as may be specified in the written directions of the Plan Administrator,
pursuant to Article V, and upon any such payment being made, the amount
thereof shall no longer constitute a part of the Trust Fund.  Each such
written direction shall be accompanied by a certificate of the Plan
Administrator that the payment is in accordance with the Plan.  The Trustee
shall not be responsible in any way with respect to the application of such
payments, or, subject to observing the standards hereinabove set forth in
Sections 8.1 through 8.5, for the adequacy of the Trust Fund to meet and
discharge any and all liabilities under the Plan.

8.8	Payment of Compensation, Expenses and Taxes - The Trustee (and any
Investment Manager) shall be paid such reasonable compensation as shall from
time to time be agreed upon in writing by the Employer and the Trustee or
the Investment Manager, as the case may be.  In addition, they shall be
reimbursed for any reasonable expenses, including reasonable counsel fees,
incurred by them in the management and investment of the Trust Fund.  Such
compensation and expenses shall be paid either by the Employer or the Trust,
as directed by the Employer, but until paid shall constitute a charge upon
the Trust Fund.  All taxes of any and all kinds whatsoever that may be
levied or assessed under existing or future laws upon, or in respect of, the
Trust Fund or the income thereof shall be paid from the Trust Fund.
Brokerage fees and commissions and other purchase and sale transaction
associated costs shall be paid by the Company or the Trust, as directed by
the Company, but until paid shall constitute a charge upon the Trust Fund.

8.9	Accounting - The Trustee shall keep accurate and detailed accounts of
all investments, receipts, disbursements and other transactions hereunder.  All
accounts, books and records relating to such transactions shall be open to
inspection and audit at all reasonable times by any person designated by the
Plan Administrator.

Within ninety (90) days following the close of each fiscal year of the Trust
and within ninety (90) days after the removal or resignation of the Trustee
as provided in Section 8.11 hereof, the Trustee shall file with the Plan
Administrator a written account setting forth all investments, receipts,
disbursements, and other transactions effected by it during such fiscal year
or during the period from the close of the last fiscal year to the date of
such removal or resignation, and setting forth the current value of the
Trust Fund.

8.10	Bond - Any person or party serving as a Fiduciary with respect to the
Plan and any other person or party handling funds of the Plan shall, if
required by ERISA and not otherwise exempted, be bonded in an amount which
shall not be less than 10 percent of the amount of the Trust Fund, but in no
event shall any such bond be less than $1,000.00 nor more than $500,000.00.
The amount of such bond shall be fixed at the beginning of each Plan Year in
accordance with the provisions of ERISA Section 412(a).  The Employer shall
be responsible for paying the cost of such bond.

8.11	Resignation or Removal of the Trustee

(a)	Term of Trustee - The Trustee shall continue to serve as such until his
resignation or removal as herein provided.

40

(b)	Resignation - Any Trustee may resign and become and remain fully
discharged from any and all further duties or responsibilities hereunder by
giving at least sixty (60) days' prior written notice to the Company stating
the effective date of such resignation, or such shorter notice as the Company
may accept as sufficient.  Such resignation shall take effect on the date
specified therein unless a successor Trustee(s) shall have been appointed at
an earlier date, in which event such resignation shall take effect
immediately upon the appointment of such successor Trustee(s).

(c)	Removal - Any Trustee may be removed by the Company's giving at least
sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Trustee stating the effective date
of such removal, or such shorter notice as the Company may request and the
Trustee may accept as sufficient, in which event such removed Trustee shall
become and remain fully discharged from all further duty or responsibility
hereunder after the effective date of such removal.

(d)	Appointment of Successor-Trustee - In the event of the resignation or
removal of any Trustee, a successor Trustee(s) shall promptly be appointed
by the Board of Directors of the Company who shall give any remaining
Trustee(s) notice of such appointment.  Any successor Trustee(s) shall
immediately upon his appointment as a successor Trustee and his acceptance
of same in writing filed with the Company and any remaining Trustee(s)
become vested with all of the property, rights, powers and duties of a
Trustee with like effect as if originally named the Trustee hereunder.  Any
successor Trustee shall not be required to look into the actions of a prior
Trustee unless directed to do so by the Plan Administrator.

41

ARTICLE IX

                            AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN

The Company shall have the right at any time by instrument in writing, duly
executed and acknowledged and delivered to the Trustee to modify, alter or
amend this Plan and Trust in whole or in part, provided, however, that the
duties, powers and liability of the Trustee hereunder shall not be
substantially modified without its written consent and provided further that
any benefits which have actually accrued and become payable hereunder shall
not be affected thereby.  No amendment shall be made which shall cause or
authorize any part of the Trust Fund to revert or be refunded to an Employer
or to be used for or diverted to purposes other than the exclusive and sole
benefit of the Participants or their Beneficiaries (other than such part as
is required to pay taxes and expenses of administration).  The Company shall
have the limited right to amend this Agreement at any time, retroactively or
otherwise, in such respects and to such extent as may be necessary to
qualify it under existing and applicable laws and regulations so as to
permit the full deduction for tax purposes of the Employer's contributions
made hereunder, and if and to the extent necessary to accomplish such
purpose may by such amendment decrease or otherwise affect the rights of
Participants to benefits which have actually accrued and become payable
hereunder, any provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

No amendment to the Plan shall reduce a Participant's Account Balance or
eliminate an optional form of distribution except to the extent permissible
under Code Sections 411, 412, or any other relevant Code Section.  No
amendment to the Plan shall have the effect of decreasing a Participant's
Account Balance determined without regard to such amendment as of the later
of the date such amendment is adopted or the date it becomes effective.

42

ARTICLE X

                        DISCONTINUANCE OF CONTRIBUTIONS
                                      AND
                              TERMINATION OF PLAN

10.1	Intention to Continue Plan - The Plan herein provided for has been
established by the Company with the bona fide intention that it shall be
continued in operation indefinitely and that contributions hereunder shall
continue for an indefinite period.  However, the Company reserves the right
at any time to terminate the Plan, and any Employer reserves the right at
any time to discontinue contributions.

10.2	Termination or Partial Termination of Plan - The Trustee shall be
notified of such termination or partial termination in writing and shall
proceed at the direction of the Plan Administrator to liquidate the assets of
the Trust Fund.  Upon termination of the Plan by an Employer, the Employer
shall not thereafter make any further contributions under the Plan, and no
amount shall thereafter be payable under the Plan to or in respect of any
Participants then employed by such Employer, except as provided in this
Section X or except as amounts may become payable under the Plan as a result
of such Participants continuing their participation in the Plan as a result
of being employed by other participating Employers.  To the maximum extent
permitted by ERISA, transfers, distributions or other dispositions of assets
of the Plan as provided in this Article X shall constitute a complete
discharge of all liabilities under the Plan.  Promptly upon any such
termination the Trustee shall (i) pay any due and accrued expenses and
liabilities of the Trust and any expenses involved in the termination of the
Plan and appropriately adjust, as may be required, all accounts of
Participants for such expenses and charges; and (ii) adjust for income,
gains and losses of the Trust Fund to such termination date in the manner
described in Section 4.2(a) hereof as if such termination date was an Annual
Valuation Date.  The interest of each affected Employee in the adjusted
amount then credited to his Employer Contribution Account shall be
nonforfeitable as of such date.  The full current value of such adjusted
amount shall be paid from the Trust Fund to each such Participant in such
manner of distribution specified in Section 5.6 hereof as though each such
Participant separated from Service as of the date of termination, or shall
continue to be held in Trust at the discretion of the Plan Administrator as
provided in Article V.

In the event of a partial termination of the Plan, the payments, adjustments
and distributions described above shall also be made, but only with respect
to the portion of the Plan being terminated.

Termination or partial termination of the Plan shall not affect the payment
of benefits, in accordance with Section 5.6 hereof, from the Trust Fund, nor
shall such funds thereafter be divested by reason of any provision hereof.

10.3	Internal Revenue Service Approval - Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Trustee shall not be required to make any distribution from the Trust in the
event the Plan is terminated or contributions are completely discontinued
until such time as the Internal Revenue Service shall have determined in
writing that such termination or discontinuance will not adversely affect
the prior qualification of the Plan.

                                     43

10.4	Discontinuance of Contributions - In the event of a complete
discontinuance by the Employer of contributions to be made by it hereunder,
the accounts of all Participants shall be treated, and the rights of all
Participants shall be, as if the Plan was terminated as contemplated under
Section 10.2 immediately above on the effective date of such discontinuance
or the date such discontinuance is deemed to have been effective, including,
but not limited to, nonforfeitability of all amounts credited to the
Employer Contribution Accounts of all affected Participants.

44

ARTICLE XI

                               MISCELLANEOUS

11.1	Participants' Rights, Acquittance - Except to the extent required or
provided for by mandatorily imposed law as in effect and applicable hereto
from time to time, neither the establishment of the Trust hereby created,
nor any modification thereof, nor the creation of any fund or account, nor
the payment of any benefits, shall be construed as giving to any Participant
or other person any legal or equitable right against the Employer, or any
officer or employee thereof, the Trustee or the Plan Administrator except as
herein provided nor shall any Participant have any legal right, title or
interest in this Trust or any of its assets, except in the event and to the
extent that benefits may actually accrue to him hereunder, and the same
limitations shall be applicable with respect to death benefits which may be
payable to the beneficiaries of a Participant.  Under no circumstances shall
the terms of employment of any Participant be modified or in any way
affected hereby.  This Plan and Trust shall not constitute a contract of
employment nor afford any individual any right to be retained in the employ
of the Employer.

11.2	Spendthrift Clause - Except to the extent permitted by the Code,
Participants are prohibited from anticipating, encumbering, alienating or
assigning any of their rights, claims or interest in this Trust or in any of
the assets thereof, and no undertaking or attempt to do so shall in any way
bind the Plan Administrator or the Trustee or be of any force or effect
whatsoever.  Furthermore, except to the extent permitted by the Code, no
such rights, claims or interest of a Participant in this Trust or in any of
the assets thereof shall in any way be subject to such Participant's debts,
contracts or engagement, nor to attachment, garnishment, levy or other legal
or equitable process.

The foregoing provision against the assignment of a Participant's right in
the Plan shall not apply in the case of (i) a qualified domestic relations
order which is determined by the Plan Administrator to meet the requirements
of Code Section 414(p), or (ii) the Participant's liability to the Plan due
to (A) the Participant's conviction of a crime involving the Plan, (B) a
judgment, consent order, or decree in action for violation of fiduciary
standards, or (C) a settlement involving the Department of Labor or Pension
Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

In any action or proceeding involving the Trust Fund, or any property
constituting part or all thereof, or the administration thereof, the
Employer, the Plan Administrator and the Trustee shall be the only necessary
parties and no Employee or former Employee of the Employer or his
Beneficiary or any other person having or claiming to have an interest in
the Trust Fund or under the Plan shall be entitled to any notice or service
of process.  Any final judgment which is not appealed or appealable that may
be entered in any such action or proceeding shall be binding and conclusive
on the parties hereto, the Plan Administrator and all persons having or
claiming to have any interest in the Trust Fund or under the Plan.

11.3	Participation of Adopting Employers - With the written consent of the
Company, an adopting Employer may become a party to this agreement pursuant
to authorization by its Board of Directors.  In the event an adopting
Employer does so become a party, it shall contribute to the Plan, and its
Employees shall be entitled to benefits hereunder, in accordance with the
terms of the Plan subject to the following special provisions:
                                     45

(a)	The contribution of each adopting Employer shall be determined
separately by its Board of Directors under Article III hereof.

(b)	In computing the Service of a person who is in the employ of only one
of the adopting Employers at the same time, the period of Service of such
Person with any of the adopting Employers shall be counted, and a transfer
of an Employee from the employ of one adopting Employer to the employ of
another shall not interrupt his Service, nor shall such a transfer
constitute a termination of Service under the terms of this Plan.

(c)	The contribution of each adopting Employer shall be allocated among its
Employees separately from the contributions of the others in accordance with
the provisions of Article IV.  Net increases and decreases in the value of
the Trust Fund resulting from increases or decreases in the value of the
assets of the Trust and earnings and losses shall be allocated among all
Participants under the Plan as a group in accordance with the provisions of
Article IV.  Participants who are Employees of one or more adopting
Employers shall have separate accounts with respect to their participation
as an Employee of each such adopting Employer.

(d)	In the event of a transfer of any Participant from the employ of one
adopting Employer to the employ of another, his account shall be considered
and treated thereafter as the account of a Participant who is an Employee of
the adopting Employer to which he is transferred.

In the event of such a transfer, the Participant transferred shall share in
the next annual contribution of each of such adopting Employers on a pro
rata basis, based upon his Annual Compensation with each such Employer
during its fiscal year in which the transfer takes places.

11.4	Qualification of Plan as Condition - This Agreement is based upon the
condition subsequent that it shall be approved and qualified by the Internal
Revenue Service as meeting the requirements of the Code with respect to
stock bonus plans and trusts and employee stock ownership plans and trusts
so as to permit, among other incidents to such qualified plans, the Employer
to deduct for income tax purposes the amount of its contributions to the
Plan as set forth herein, and so that such contributions will not be taxable
at the time of contribution to the Participants as income.  Therefore, if,
when this plan is submitted for qualification and approval by the Internal
Revenue Service, the Internal Revenue Service rules that the Plan does not
meet the requirements of the Code for qualification for the purposes
specified in the preceding sentence and the deficiencies precluding
qualification may not be corrected by amendment effective as of the Adoption
Date, then regardless of any other provision herein contained, this Plan
shall be and become null and void ab initio, and any contribution hereunder
shall be returned to the Employer.

11.5	Successor Employer - In the event of the dissolution, merger,
consolidation or reorganization of the Company, provision may be made by
which the Plan and Trust will be continued by the successor, and such
successor shall be substituted for the Company under the Plan.  The
substitution of the successor shall constitute an assumption of Plan
liabilities by the successor and the successor shall have all the powers,
duties and responsibilities of the Company under the Plan.

46

11.6	Transfer of Plan Assets - In the event of any merger or consolidation
of the Plan with, or transfer in whole or in part of the assets and liabilities
of the Trust Fund to another trust fund held under any other plan of
deferred compensation maintained or to be established for the benefit of all
or some of the Participants of this Plan, the assets of the Trust Fund
applicable to such Participants shall be transferred to the other trust fund
only if:

(a)	each Participant would, if either this Plan or the other Plan then
terminated, receive a benefit immediately after the merger, consolidation or
transfer which is equal to or greater than the benefit he would have been
entitled to receive immediately before the merger, consolidation or transfer
if the Plan had then terminated;

(b)	resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Employer of the affected
Participants shall authorize such transfer of assets and, in the case of the
new or successor employer of the affected Participants, its resolutions
shall include an assumption of liabilities with respect to such
Participant's inclusion in the new employer's plan;

(c)	such other plan and trust are qualified under Code Sections 401(a) and
501(a); and

(d)	the Trustee is authorized to make or receive such direct transfers at
the direction of the Company.

11.7	Delegation of Authority by the Company - Whenever the Company under the
terms of this Agreement is permitted or required to do or perform any act or
matter or thing it shall be done and performed by any officer thereunto duly
authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company.

11.8	Construction of Agreement - This Plan and Trust agreement shall be
construed according to the laws of the state of Georgia, and all provisions
hereof shall be administered according to, and its validity and
enforceability shall be determined under the laws of such state, except
where preempted by ERISA.

11.9	Headings - The headings of Sections and subsections are for ease of
reference only and shall not be construed to limit or modify the detailed
provisions hereof.

47

ARTICLE XII

                           TOP-HEAVY PLAN PROVISIONS

12.1	Application - In the event that the Plan is determined to be a Top-
Heavy Plan as hereinafter defined, this Article XII shall become effective as
of the first day of the Plan Year in which the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan.

12.2	Definitions

(a)	Compensation - The compensation (within the meaning of Code Section
415(c)(3)) of the Participant from the Employer for the Plan Year.

(b)	Key Employee - During any Plan Year that the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan,
an Employee who is a Key Employee within the meaning of Code Section 416(i),
including any Employee, former Employee or Beneficiary of an Employee or
former Employee who at any time during the Plan Year or any of the four (4)
preceding Plan Years, is (or was):

(i)	an officer of the Employer whose Compensation is greater than 50% of
the amount in effect under Code Section 415(b)(1)(A) for any such Plan Year;

(ii)	1 of the 10 Employees having Compensation of more than the dollar
limitation in Code Section 415(c)(1)(A) and owning (or considered as owning
within the meaning of Code Section 318) one of the largest interests in the
Employer, which interest is at least 1/2%;

(iii)	a one percent (1%) owner of the Employer having Compensation of more
than $170,000 (as indexed); or

(iv)	a five percent (5%) owner of the Employer.

Ownership shall be determined according to Code Section 416(i)(1)(B). For
purposes of (i) above, no more than fifty (50) Employees (or if less, the
greater of three (3) or ten percent (10%) of the Employees) shall be treated
as officers.  For purposes of (ii) above, if two Employees have the same
interest in the Employer, the Employee with the higher Compensation shall be
treated as having the larger interest.  An Employee or former Employee who
is not a Key Employee shall be a non-Key Employee.

(c)	Minimum Contribution - For a Plan Year, the lesser of three percent
(3%) of a Participant's compensation (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.415-2(d)) or a percentage of a Participant's compensation equal to
the percentage at which contributions are made (or required to be made)
under the Plan and all other plans of the Aggregation Group for the Key
Employee for whom such percentage is highest.

(d)	Top-Heavy Plan - With respect to any Plan Year, this Plan shall be
deemed Top-Heavy if the aggregate of the Account Balances of all Key Employees
in the Plan exceeds sixty percent (60%) of the aggregate of the Account
Balances of all Participants in the Plan, such determination to be made in
accordance with the procedures described in Code Section 416(g) as of the

48

Annual Valuation Date immediately preceding such Plan Year (or in the case
of the first Plan Year, as of the last day of such Plan Year).  For purposes
of determining whether the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan, the Plan shall be
aggregated with all other plans within the Aggregation Group.

(e)	Aggregation Group - All plans maintained by the Employer (i) which are
required to be aggregated with the Plan in order for the Plan to meet the
requirements of Code Sections 401(a)(4) and 410, (ii) in which a Key
Employee is a participant, and (iii) any other plan of the Employer that the
Employer elects to include in the Aggregation Group, provided that any such
plan would not cause the Aggregation Group to fail to meet the requirements
of Code Sections 401(a)(4) and 410 with such plan being taken into account.

12.3	Allocation of Minimum Contribution - For any year in which the Plan is
a Top-Heavy Plan, the Minimum Contribution as defined in Section 12.2(c)
hereof shall be made to the account of each Participant who is a non-Key
Employee, unless the Minimum Contribution for the Participant is made under
another defined contribution plan maintained by the Employer.  Such Minimum
Contribution shall be made to the Employer Contribution Account of each non-
Key Employee Participant who has not separated from service on the last day
of such Plan Year without regard to such Participant's Hours of Service
during such Plan Year.  The Employer and Plan Administrator shall determine
under which plan a Participant shall receive the Minimum Contribution if the
Employee is a Participant in more than one plan maintained by the Employer.

12.4	Post-EGTRRA Top-Heavy Provisions

(a)	Effective date - This Section 12.4 shall apply for purposes of determining
whether the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan under Code Section 416(g) for Plan
Years beginning after December 31, 2001, and whether the Plan satisfies the
minimum benefits requirements of Code Section 416(c) for such years.  This
Section 12.4 amends Sections 12.1 through 12.3 of the Plan.

(b)	Determination of Top-Heavy Status

(i)	Key Employee - Key Employee means any Employee or former Employee
(including any deceased Employee) who at any time during the Plan Year that
includes the determination date was an officer of the Employer having Top-
Heavy Compensation greater than $135,000 (as adjusted under Code Section
416(i)(1) for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2005), a 5% owner of
the Employer, or a 1% owner of the Employer having Top-Heavy Compensation of
more than $150,000.  For this purpose, Top-Heavy Compensation means
compensation within the meaning of Code Section 415(c)(3).  The
determination of who is a key employee will be made in accordance with Code
Section 416(i)(1) and the applicable regulations and other guidance of
general applicability issued thereunder.

(ii)	Determination of Present Values and Amounts - This Section 12.4(b)(ii)
shall apply for purposes of determining the amounts of Participant's
accounts as of the determination date.

49

(1)	Distributions During Year Ending on the Determination Date - The
amounts of account balances of an Employee as of the determination date shall
be increased by the distributions made with respect to the Employee under the
Plan and any plan aggregated with the Plan under Code Section 416(g)(2)
during the 1-year period ending on the determination date.  The preceding
sentence shall also apply to distributions under a terminated plan which,
had it not been terminated, would have been aggregated with the Plan under
Code Section 416(g)(2)(A)(i).  In the case of a distribution made for a
reason other than separation from service, death, or disability, this
provision shall be applied by substituting "5-year period" for "1-year
period."

(2)	Employees Not Performing Services During Year Ending on the
Determination Date - The accounts of any individual who has not performed
services for the Employer during the 1-year period ending on the determination
date shall not be taken into account.

(c)	Non-Applicability of Top-Heavy Provisions - The top-heavy requirements
of Code Section 416 and this Section 12.4 of the Plan shall not apply in any
year beginning after December 31, 2001 in which the Plan consists solely of
a cash or deferred arrangement which meets the requirements of Code Section
401(k)(12) and matching contributions with respect to which the requirements
of Code Section 401(m)(11) are met.

50

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and each adopting Employer has caused this
Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized corporate officers and its
corporate seal to be hereunto affixed, and the Trustee has executed same
under seal and thereby accepted the Trust the day and year first above
written.

                                         COMPANY:

                                         SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL
                                         CORPORATION
(CORPORATE SEAL)

ATTEST:  /s/Donna Lott                   By:     /s/DeWitt Drew
         AVP and Secretary               Title:  President & CEO

ADOPTING EMPLOYER:

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA BANK
(CORPORATE SEAL)

ATTEST:  /s/Donna Lott                   By:     /s/DeWitt Drew
         AVP and Secretary               Title:  President & CEO

TRUSTEE:

                                         SOUTHWEST GEORGIA BANK
(CORPORATE SEAL)

ATTEST:  /s/Donna Lott                   By:     /s/Richard E. Holland
         AVP and Secretary               Title:  Vice President & Trust Officer

SCHEDULE A

                              Acquired Employers
                         Service Crediting Provisions

Acquired Company                           Credited Service

Baker County Bank                          Prior service with Baker County
                                           Bank is recognized for participation
                                           purposes.

Moultrie Federal Savings                   Any employee who was actively
and Loan                                   employed on January 7, 1991
                                           automatically became a
                                           participant on January 7, 1991.

Bank of Pavo (acquired                     Immediate participation for
12/11/98)                                  employees of Bank of Pavo upon
                                           closing of acquisition.

Empire Financial Services, Inc.            Service of employees with
                                           Empire Financial Services, Inc.
                                           prior to January 1, 2002 is
                                           counted for eligibility and
                                           vesting but not as credited
                                           service or for allocations of
                                           Employer Contributions.

Sylvester Banking Company                  Immediate participation for
                                           employees of Sylvester Banking
                                           Company.
                                           Prior service with Sylvester
                                           Banking Company is recognized
                                           for eligibility and vesting
                                           purposes but not as credited
                                           service or for allocations of
                                           Employer Contributions.  Prior
                                           service with Sylvester Banking
                                           Company will be counted for the
                                           Break in Service rules under
                                           Section 2.3 of the Plan.

SCHEDULE B

                              Adopting Employers
                and Dates of Adoption since prior plan document

                                                            Date Ceased to be
Adopting Employer               Date of Adoption            Adopting Employer

Southwest Georgia                 May 1, 1999             8/3/00 - date company
Insurance Service, Inc.                                            dissolved
(doing business as
Moultrie Insurance
Agency)

Empire Financial                January 1, 2002
Services, Inc.

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.16>
 4
 tenk05ex1016.txt
 FORM OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
                                 EXHIBIT 10.16

                             EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of this ___ day of
______, ____, by and between _________, an individual resident of the State
of Georgia ("Executive"), SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a Georgia
corporation (the "Employer"), and SOUTHWEST GEORGIA BANK, a Georgia bank and
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Employer (the "Bank").  References herein to
the "Employer" shall refer to both the Employer and the Bank, as the context
requires, and the Employer and the Bank shall have the option to perform the
obligations provided herein, in their sole discretion, through either
entity; provided, however, that for purposes of such obligations and the
rights of the Employer under this Agreement, Employer and Bank shall be
treated as one and the same.  Executive may enforce his rights against
either the Employer, the Bank, or both the Employer and the Bank.

WHEREAS, Executive is presently employed by Employer in the capacity of
__________ of the Employer and the Bank;

WHEREAS, Executive possesses considerable experience and significant
knowledge and information with respect to Employer, which knowledge and
information includes trade secrets of Employer, which will be increased,
developed and enhanced through Executive's continued employment by Employer;
and

WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to enter into an agreement for Employer's
continued employment of Executive on the terms and conditions contained
herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises and
agreements contained herein, the parties hereto, intending to be legally
bound, hereby agree as follows:

Section 1.	Employment.

Subject to the terms hereof, the Employer hereby employs Executive, and
Executive hereby accepts such employment.  Executive will serve as
___________ of the Employer and the Bank or in such other executive capacity
as the President of Employer may recommend to the Board of Directors and the
Board may hereafter from time to time determine.  Executive agrees to devote
his full business time and best efforts to the performance of the duties
that Employer may assign Executive from time to time; provided that the
Executive may serve on boards of directors or trustees of other companies
and organizations, as long as such service does not materially interfere
with the performance of his duties hereunder.  Employee's primary place of
employment shall initially be in Moultrie, Georgia.

Section 2.	Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the meanings specified below:

(a)	"Cause."  Cause for termination of Executive's employment shall exist
(i) if Executive is convicted of, pleads guilty to, or confesses to any felony
or any act of fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement, (ii) if Executive
fails to comply with the terms of this Agreement, and, within ten (10) days
after written notice from Employer of such failure, Executive has not

1

corrected such failure or, having once received such notice of failure and
having so corrected such failure, Executive at any time thereafter again so
fails, or (iii) if Executive violates any of the provisions contained in
Section 5 of this Agreement.

(b)	"Competitor."  A Competitor is any Person, other than the Employer or
its affiliates or subsidiaries, engaged, wholly or partly, in Employer
Activities.

(c)	"Competitive Position."  Competitive Position means (i) the direct or
indirect ownership or control of all or any portion of a Competitor; or (ii)
any employment or independent contractor arrangement with any Competitor
whereby Executive will serve such Competitor in any managerial capacity.

(d)	"Confidential Information."  Confidential Information means any
confidential, proprietary business information or data belonging to or
pertaining to the Employer that does not constitute a Trade Secret and that
is not generally known by or available through legal means to the public,
including, but not limited to, information regarding the Employer's
customers or actively sought prospective customers, suppliers, manufacturers
and distributors gained by Executive as a result of his employment with the
Employer.

(e)	"Customer."  Customer means actual customers or actively sought
prospective customers of Employer during the Term.

(f)	"Effective Time."  The Effective Time shall as of the date hereof.

(g)	"Employer Activities."  Employer Activities means the business of
providing banking insurance, trust, investment or securities services to
individuals and businesses.

(h)	"Good Reason"  means the occurrence (without Executive's express
written consent) during the Term of any one of the following acts by the
Employer:

(1)	the required relocation of Executive to a location 50 miles from 201
1st Street, Moultrie, Georgia;

(2)	a reduction in Executive's base salary or the failure by the Employer
to continue to provide Executive with benefits substantially similar to those
provided to similarly situated employees of Employer.

(i)	"Noncompete Period" or "Nonsolicitation Period" means the period
beginning the Effective Time and ending on the second anniversary of the
Termination Date.

(j)	"Person."  A Person is any individual, corporation, bank, partnership,
joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, bank, firm,
unincorporated organization or other entity.

2

(k)	"Term."  Term shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.1.

(l)	"Termination Date."  The effective date of Executive's termination.

(m)	"Territory."  Territory means any county in Georgia in which Employer
does business as of the date hereof and any county contiguous thereto.

(n)	"Total Disability."  Total Disability means the failure by Executive to
fully perform his normal required services hereunder for a period of
three (3) months during any consecutive twelve (12) month period during the
Term hereof, as determined by the Board of Directors, by reason of mental or
physical disability.

(o)	"Trade Secrets."  Trade Secrets means information or data of or about
Employer, including but not limited to technical or non-technical data,
compilations, programs, methods, techniques, processes, financial data,
financial plans, products plans, or lists of actual or potential customers,
clients, information concerning the Employer's finances, services, staff,
contemplated acquisitions, marketing investigations and surveys, that (i)
derive economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known
to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons
who can obtain economic value from their disclosure or use; and (ii) are the
subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain
their secrecy.

Section 3.   Term of Employment.

3.1	Unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 3.2, Executive's
employment under this Agreement shall be for a five (5) year term (the "Term")
commencing on the Effective Time and ending on the fifth anniversary
thereof.

3.2	Executive's employment under this Agreement shall terminate upon the
occurrence of any of the following events:

(a)	The death of Executive.

(b)	The Total Disability of Executive.

(c)	The termination by Employer of Executive's employment hereunder, upon
written notice to Executive, for Cause, as determined by the Board of
Directors of Employer (the "Board of Directors").

(d)	The termination of Executive's employment by Executive.

(e)	The termination of Executive's employment by Employer without Cause or
by Executive for Good Reason upon at least ninety (90) days prior written
notice.

Section 4.  Compensation.

4.1	During Term of Employment.  Employer will provide Executive with the
following salary, expense reimbursement and additional employee benefits
during the Term hereunder:

3

(a)     Salary.  Executive will be paid a salary of no less than _____________
Dollars ($ ________) per annum, less deductions and withholdings required by
applicable law.  The salary shall be paid to Executive in equal monthly
installments (or on such more frequent basis as other employees of Employer
are compensated from time to time).  The salary shall be reviewed by the
President of Employer on at least an annual basis who shall then make a
recommendation of a change to such salary to the Board of Directors for
their approval.

(b)	Bonus.  Executive will be entitled to an annual bonus (the "Bonus") as
determined by the President of Employer based upon the financial success of
the Employer and Executive's contribution to such success.  The Bonus shall
be paid promptly upon the availability of annual financial results (which is
expected to occur in January of each year).

(c)	Vacation and Sick Leave.  Employee shall receive the same number of
vacation days and paid days of sick leave per calendar year as the Employer
gives other Employer employees from time to time.  Any unused sick leave
days in any calendar year may be carried over to subsequent years in
accordance with Employer policy.  Any unused vacation days in any calendar
year may not be carried over to subsequent years.

(d)	Expenses.  Employer shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable and
necessary expenses incurred by Employee on the same basis as other
employees.

(e)	Benefit Plans.  Executive may participate in such medical, disability,
life insurance and other benefit plans (such as the Southwest Georgia
Financial Corporation Pension Retirement Plan, the Employee Stock Ownership
Plan and Trust of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation, and any successor
to such plans) as Employer maintains from time to time for the benefit of
other employees, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
such plans.

4.2	Effect of Termination.

(a)	If Executive's employment hereunder is terminated by Employer pursuant
to Section 3.2(b) hereof but Executive is not determined to be "disabled" under
the Employer's disability insurance, then Employer shall continue to pay
Executive his normal, current salary pursuant to Section 4.1(a) (on the same
basis as if Executive continued to serve as an employee hereunder for such
applicable period) and offer paid insurance continuation rights under the
Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act ("COBRA") until the earlier of (i)
the end of the Term or (ii) Executive is determined to be "disabled" under
the Employer's disability insurance.

(b)	If Executive's employment hereunder is terminated pursuant to Section
3.2(e) hereof, then, in addition to any other amount payable hereunder,
Employer shall continue to pay Executive his normal, current salary pursuant
to Section 4.1(a) (on the same basis as if Executive continued to serve as
an employee hereunder for such applicable period) and offer paid insurance
continuation rights under COBRA for the Term.

4

(c)	If Executive's employment is terminated pursuant to Section 3.2(a), (b)
or (e) hereof, all options to purchase stock of the Employer or an affiliate
of the Employer granted to Executive shall immediately become exercisable
upon such termination.  In the case of a termination pursuant to Section
3.2(a) or (b) hereof, the options will expire in accordance with their
respective scheduled expiration dates.  In the case of a termination by
Employer pursuant to Section 3.2(e) hereof, the options will expire on the
first anniversary after the effective date of the termination of Executive's
employment hereunder.  Upon the death of Executive, any options that
Executive would otherwise be entitled to exercise hereunder may be exercised
by his personal representatives or heirs, as applicable.  If Executive's
employment is terminated by Employer pursuant to Section 3.2(c) or (d),
those options which are exercisable as of the date of such termination shall
be exercisable for a period of ninety (90) days after such termination (and
all other options not then exercisable shall be forfeited as of such date),
and after such 90-day period, all unexercised options will expire.  To the
extent necessary, this provision shall be deemed an amendment of any option
agreement between the Executive and the Employer or an affiliate of the
Employer.

(d)	Except as provided above, upon the termination of the employment of
Executive hereunder for any reason, Executive shall be entitled to all
compensation and benefits earned or accrued under Section 4.1 as of
Termination Date, but from and after the Termination Date no additional
compensation or benefits shall be earned by Executive hereunder.

(e)	Unless Executive's employment hereunder is terminated pursuant to
Section 3.2(a) or 3.2(e), the covenants in Section 5 of this Agreement shall
survive termination of Employee's employment, for the full Noncompete Period
and Nonsolicitation Period as though the engagement lasted for the full Term
described in Section 3.1.

Section 5.  Partial Restraints on Competition.

5.1     Trade Name.  Executive shall not, directly or by assisting others, own,
manage, operate, join, control or participate in the ownership, management,
operation or control of, or be connected in any manner with, any business
conducted under any corporate or trade name of the Employer or any of its
affiliates or name similar thereto, without the prior written consent of the
Employer.

5.2	Confidential Information.

(a)	Executive hereby agrees that (i) with regard to each item constituting
all or any portion of the Trade Secrets, at all times during the Term and
all times during which such item continues to constitute a Trade Secret
under applicable law; and (ii) with regard to any Confidential Information,
during the Term and the Noncompete Period:

(1)	Executive shall hold in confidence all Trade Secrets and all
Confidential Information and will not, either directly or indirectly, use,
sell, lend, lease, distribute, license, give, transfer, assign, show, disclose,
disseminate, reproduce, copy, appropriate or otherwise communicate any Trade

5

Secrets or Confidential Information, without the prior written consent of
the Employer; and

(2)	Executive shall immediately notify the Employer of any unauthorized
disclosure or use of any Trade Secrets or Confidential Information of which
Executive becomes aware.  Executive shall assist the Employer, to the extent
necessary, in the procurement or any protection of the Employer's rights to
or in any of the Trade Secrets or Confidential Information.

5.3	Noncompetition.

(a)	The parties hereto acknowledge that Executive is conducting Employer
Activities throughout the Territory.  Executive acknowledges that to protect
adequately the interest of the Employer in the business of the Employer it
is essential that any noncompete covenant with respect thereto cover all
Employer Activities and the entire Territory.

(b)	Executive hereby agrees that, during the Term and the Noncompete
Period, Executive will not, in the Territory, either directly or indirectly,
alone or in conjunction with any other party, accept, enter into or take any
action in conjunction with or in furtherance of a Competitive Position.
Executive shall notify the Employer promptly in writing if Executive
receives an offer of a Competitive Position during the Noncompete Term, and
such notice shall describe all material terms of such offer.

(c)	Nothing contained in this Section 5 shall prohibit Executive from
acquiring not more than two percent (2%) of any Employer or bank whose
common stock is publicly traded on a national securities exchange or in the
over-the-counter market.

5.4	Nonsolicitation During Term.  Executive hereby agrees that Executive
will not, during the Term, either directly or indirectly, alone or in
conjunction with any other party solicit, divert or appropriate or attempt to
solicit, divert or appropriate, any Customer for the purpose of providing the
Customer with services or products competitive with those offered by the
Employer during the Term.

5.5	Nonsolicitation During Nonsolicitation Period.  Executive hereby agrees
that Executive will not, during the Nonsolicitation Period, either directly
or indirectly, alone or in conjunction with any other party solicit, divert
or appropriate or attempt to solicit, divert or appropriate, any (i)
employee of the Employer or the Bank, or (ii) Customer for the purpose of
providing the Customer with services or products competitive with those
offered by Employer or Bank during the Term; provided, however, that the
covenant in this clause shall limit Executive's conduct only with respect to
those Customers with whom Executive had substantial contact (through direct
or supervisory interaction with the Customer or the Customer's account)
during a period of time up to but no greater than two (2) years prior to the
last day of the Term.

5.6	Nondispargement.  Executive hereby agrees that Executive will not,
during the Term and Nonsolicitation Period hereof, either directly or
indirectly, alone or in conjunction with any other party, make statements to
Customers or suppliers of Employer or to other members of the public that are

6

in any way disparaging or negative towards Employer, the Employer's products
or services, or Employee's representatives (including its Board of Directors)
or employees.

Section 6.   Miscellaneous.

6.1	No Obligation to Mitigate.  Executive shall not be required to mitigate
the amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement by seeking other
employment, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for under this
Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as a result of
employment by another company after the Termination Date or otherwise.

6.2	Contract Non-Assignable.  The parties acknowledge that this Agreement
has been entered into due to, among other things, the special skills and
knowledge of Executive, and agree that this Agreement may not be assigned or
transferred by Executive.

6.3	Successors; Binding Agreement.

(a)	In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor to the
Employer, the Employer will require any successor (whether direct or
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of the business or assets of the Employer or that acquires
a controlling stock interest in the Employer to expressly assume and agree
to perform this Agreement, in the same manner and to the same extent that
the Employer would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken
place.  Failure of the Employer to obtain such assumption and agreement
prior to the effective date of such succession shall be a breach of this
Agreement and shall entitle Executive to a lump sum payment on such
effective date of the amount of one (1) year of Executive's normal, current
salary pursuant to Section 4.1(a) (on the same basis as if Executive
continued to serve as an employee hereunder for such applicable period) and
offer paid insurance continuation rights under COBRA for one (1) year
following the Termination Date.

(b)	This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by
Executive's personal or legal representative, executors, administrators,
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.  If Executive shall
die while any amount is still payable to Executive hereunder (other than
amounts which, by their terms, terminate upon the death of Executive), all
such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement to the executors, personal representatives
or administrators of Executive's estate.

7

6.4	Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other communications
required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been duly given when delivered or seven days after mailing if mailed
first class, certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to the Employer:	Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation
			Attention:  DeWitt Drew
                        P.O. Box 3488
                        Moultrie, GA  31768

If to Executive:	_______________
                        _______________
                        _______________

Any party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and
other communications shall be delivered or mailed by giving notice thereof
to the other party in the same manner provided herein.

6.5	Provisions Severable.  If any provision or covenant, or any part
thereof, of this Agreement should be held by any court to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, either in whole or in part, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability
of the remaining provisions or covenants, or any part thereof, of this
Agreement, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

6.6	Waiver.  Failure of either party to insist, in one or more instances,
on performance by the other in strict accordance with the terms and conditions
of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any
right granted in this Agreement or the future performance of any such term
or condition or of any other term or condition of this Agreement, unless
such waiver is contained in a writing signed by the party making the waiver.

6.7	Amendments and Modifications.  This Agreement may be amended or
modified only by a writing signed by both parties hereto, which makes specific
reference to this Agreement.

6.8	Governing Law.  The validity and effect of this Agreement shall be
governed by and be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of Georgia.

6.9	Disputes; Legal Fees; Indemnification.

(a)	Disputes.  All claims by Executive for compensation and benefits under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be directed to and be
determined by the Board of Directors.  Any denial by the Board of Directors
of a claim for benefits under this Agreement shall be provided in writing to
Executive within thirty (30) days of such decision and shall set forth the
specific reasons for the denial and the specific provisions of this
Agreement relied upon.  The Board of Directors shall afford a reasonable
opportunity to Executive for a review of its decision denying a claim and
shall further allow Executive to appeal in writing to the Board of Directors
a decision of the Board of Directors within sixty (60) days after

8

notification by the Board of Directors that Executive's claim has been
denied.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, any further dispute or
controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be
settled exclusively by arbitration in Atlanta, Georgia, in accordance with
the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect.  Judgment
may be entered on the arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction.

(b)	Legal Fees.  If the Employer involuntarily terminates Executive without
Cause, then, in the event Executive incurs legal fees and other expenses in
seeking to obtain or to enforce any rights or benefits provided by this
Agreement and is successful, in whole or in part, in obtaining or enforcing
any such rights or benefits through settlement, mediation, arbitration or
otherwise, the Employer shall promptly pay Executive's reasonable legal fees
and expenses and related costs incurred in enforcing this Agreement
including, without limitation, attorneys fees and expenses, experts fees and
expenses, investigative fees, and travel expenses.  Except to the extent
provided in the preceding sentence, each party shall pay its own legal fees
and other expenses associated with any dispute under this Agreement.

(c)	Indemnification.  During the Term of this Agreement and after
Executive's termination, the Employer shall indemnify Executive and hold
Executive harmless from and against any claim, performance as an officer,
director or employee of the Employer or any of its subsidiaries or other
affiliates or in any other capacity, including any fiduciary capacity, in which
Executive serves at the Employer's request, in each case to the maximum extent
permitted by law and under the Employer's Articles of Incorporation and
Bylaws (the "Governing Documents"), provided that in no event shall the
protection afforded to Executive hereunder be less than that afforded under
the Governing Documents as in effect on the date of this Agreement except
from changes mandated by law.

6.10	Entire Agreement.  This Agreement is intended by the parties hereto to
be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the subject
matter hereof and is the complete and exclusive statement of the terms
thereof, notwithstanding any representations, statements or agreements to
the contrary.  Executive affirms that the only consideration for him signing
this Agreement is that set forth in Section 4, that no other promise or
agreement of any kind has been made to or with him by any person to cause
him to execute this Agreement, and that he fully understands the meaning and
intent of this Agreement, including but not limited to, its final and
binding effect.

6.11	Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the date first above written.

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                   By:     /s/ DeWitt Drew
                                   Name:   DeWitt Drew
                                   Title:  President & CEO

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA BANK
                                   By:     /s/ DeWitt Drew
                                   Name:   DeWitt Drew
                                   Title:  President & CEO

EMPLOYEE
                                   _________________________

</EX-10.16>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 tenk05ex231.txt
 CONSENT OF THIGPEN, JONES, SEATON & CO., P.C.

EXHIBIT 23.1

Thigpen, Jones, Seaton & Co., P.C.                  Robert E. Thigpen, Jr., CPA
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS                        Scotty C. Jones, CPA
BUSINESS CONSULTANTS                                Frank W. Seaton, Jr., CPA
1004 Hillcrest Parkway  P.O. Box 400                Tracy G. Smith, CPA
Dublin, Georgia 31040-0400                          Grayson Dent, CPA
Tel 478-272-2030  Fax 478-272-3318
E-mail tjs@tjscpa.com

CONSENT OF THIGPEN, JONES, SEATON & CO., PC

As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation by
reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on November 29, 2000 (no. 333-50870) of Southwest
Georgia Financial Corporation of our reports, dated February 13, 2006, included
in the December 31, 2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Southwest Georgia
Financial Corporation.

/s/Thigpen, Jones, Seaton & Co., P.C.

Dublin, Georgia
March 31, 2006

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 tenk05ex311.txt
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION BY CEO
 
                                 EXHIBIT 31.1

I, DeWitt Drew, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Georgia
   Financial Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
   of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
   statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
   were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
   information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
   the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
   Corporation as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The Corporation's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
   establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
   in Exchange Act Rules 13a--15(e) and 15d--15(e)) and have:
     a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
         disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
         supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
         Corporation, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
         to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
         in which this report is being prepared; and
     b)  evaluated and presented in this report our conclusions about the
         effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
         of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     c)  disclosed in this report any change in the Corporation's internal
         control over financial reporting that occurred during the Corporation's
         most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably
         likely to materially affect, the Corporation's internal control over
         financial reporting; and
5. The Corporation's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
   our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
   the Corporation's auditors and the audit committee of the Corporation's
   board of directors:
     a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
         operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
         reasonably likely to adversely affect the Corporation's ability to
         record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
         employees who have a significant role in the Corporation's internal
         control over financial reporting.

Date:  March  28, 2006

By:   /s/DeWitt Drew
      DeWitt Drew
      President and Chief Executive Officer
      Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 tenk05ex312.txt
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION BY CFO
 
                                 EXHIBIT 31.2

I, George R. Kirkland, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Georgia
   Financial Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
   of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
   statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
   were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
   information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
   the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
   Corporation as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The Corporation's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
   establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
   in Exchange Act Rules 13a--15(e) and 15d--15(e)) and have:
     a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
         disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
         supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
         Corporation, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
         to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
         in which this report is being prepared; and
     b)  evaluated and presented in this report our conclusions about the
         effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
         of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     c)  disclosed in this report any change in the Corporation's internal
         control over financial reporting that occurred during the Corporation's
         most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably
         likely to materially affect, the Corporation's internal control over
         financial reporting; and
5. The Corporation's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
   our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
   the Corporation's auditors and the audit committee of the Corporation's
   board of directors:
     a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
         operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
         reasonably likely to adversely affect the Corporation's ability to
         record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
         employees who have a significant role in the Corporation's internal
         control over financial reporting.

Date:  March 28, 2006

By:   /s/George R. Kirkland
      George R. Kirkland
      Senior Vice President and Treasurer
      Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 tenk05ex321.txt
 906 CERTIFICATION BY CEO
 
                                 EXHIBIT 32.1

Certification of Periodic Financial Report by
          Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
     as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, DeWitt Drew, President and Chief Executive Officer of Southwest Georgia
Financial Corporation certify that:

(1)  The Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended
     December 31, 2005 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of
     section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly present, in all material
     respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
     Corporation.

By:   /s/DeWitt Drew
                                        DeWitt Drew
                                        President and Chief Executive Officer
                                        Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation
March 28, 2006

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 tenk05ex322.txt
 906 CERTIFICATION BY CFO
 
                                 EXHIBIT 32.2

Certification of Periodic Financial Report by
          Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
     as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, George R. Kirkland, Senior Vice-President and Treasurer of Southwest
Georgia Financial Corporation certify that:

(1)  The Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended
     December 31, 2005 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of
     section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly present, in all material
     respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
     Corporation.

By:   /s/George R. Kirkland
                                        George R. Kirkland
                                        Senior Vice-President and Treasurer
                                        (Chief Financial Officer)
                                        Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation
March 28, 2006

</EX-32.2>

