<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060331_10-K_edgar_data_946991_0000950152-06-002812_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>654019</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>166777</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>299229</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950152-06-002812.hdr.sgml : 20060331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060331165505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950152-06-002812
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DAY INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000946991
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED RUBBER PRODUCTS, NEC [3060]
		IRS NUMBER:				311436349
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-93644
		FILM NUMBER:		06729688

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 WEST SECOND ST
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9372244000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 338
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OJiZVRPoperKg3V5Hs4X6gtiPqXL6+VsWTMNUwCBjaMEWQuaq6W+/+QIMkKnaEnF
 wckuJ6L2ls69qcvK0nvGMA==

 0000950152-06-002812.txt : 20060331

10-K
 1
 l17972ae10vk.htm
 DAY INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.  10-K/FYE 12-31-05

Day International Group, Inc.  10-K 

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Year ended December 31, 2005 

Commission File No. 333-51839 

DAY INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 

130 West Second Street

Dayton, Ohio 45402

(937) 224-4000

State of Incorporation:Delaware

IRS Employer Identification No.:31-1436349

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: None

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
         No    

Indicate by a check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13
or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes
         No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes
         No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of
 accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer                Accelerated filer               
Non-accelerated filer    

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).

Yes
         No    

At the close of business on March 1, 2006:

Number of shares of common stock outstanding

24,823 

Aggregate market value of the Company s voting and non-
voting common stock held by non-affiliates

$ 
     0 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   None

Table of Contents   

Except as otherwise stated or unless the context otherwise requires, references to the  Company  or
 Day  include Day International Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation that is the Registrant, and
each of its subsidiaries. The Company s address is P.O. Box 338, 130 West Second Street, Dayton,
Ohio 45401-0338, and its telephone number is (937) 224-4000. The Company s periodic reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) are available at the SEC s website
(www.sec.gov).

Except as otherwise stated, the information contained in this report is given as of December 31,
2005, the end of the Company s latest fiscal year.

Safe Harbor Statement; Industry Data 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of
1933. These are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those identified below, which
could affect the Company s actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those
expressed in forward-looking statements. The words  believe,   anticipate,   expect,   intend, 
 will likely result,   will continue,  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.

Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements
include but are not limited to (i) the effect of leverage, including the limitations imposed by the
Company s various debt instruments; (ii) risks related to significant operations in international
countries, including the translation of operating results to the U.S. dollar; (iii) the timely
development and market acceptance of new products; (iv) the effect of competitive products and
pricing; (v) the effect of changing general and industry specific economic conditions; (vi) the
effect of environmental regulations; and (vii) the potential for technology obsolescence.

While made in good faith and with a reasonable basis based on information currently available to
the Company s management, there is no assurance that any such forward-looking statements will be
achieved or accomplished. The Company is under no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to the extent it becomes aware that they are not achieved or likely to be achieved for
any reason.

Market data used throughout this report was obtained from internal company surveys and industry
publications. Industry publications generally indicate that the information contained therein has
been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but the accuracy and completeness of such
information is not guaranteed. The Company has not independently verified any of such market data.
Similarly, internal company surveys, while believed by the Company to be reliable, have not been
verified by any independent sources.

2

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   
     ITEM 1. BUSINESS   
     ITEM 1a. RISK FACTORS   
     ITEM 1b. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   
     ITEM 2. PROPERTIES   
     ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
     ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS   
   PART II   
     ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
     ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   
     ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
     ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES   
     ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION   
     ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT   
     ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
     ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
     ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS   
     ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   
     Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   
   Signatures   
     INDEX TO EXHIBITS   
   EX-21 Subsidiaries   
   EX-31.1 Certification   
   EX-31.2 Certifications   
   EX-32.1 Certifications   
   EX-32.2 Certifications   

Table of Contents   

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Company Background 

The Company is one of the world s leading producers of precision-engineered products, specializing
in the design and customization of consumable image-transfer products for the graphic arts
(printing) industry and consumable fiber handling products for the textile yarn spinning industry.
The Company consists of two segments: the Image Transfer segment and the Textile Products segment.
The Image Transfer segment consists of the Transfer Media division, the Chemical Products division
and the Flexographic Products division. The Transfer Media division is the world s largest
designer, manufacturer and marketer of high-quality printing blankets and sleeves for use in offset
printing and a leading designer and manufacturer of consumable sleeves for digital press
applications. The Company estimates that in 2004 it had the number one market share in
offset-printing blankets and sleeves in North America and worldwide. The Chemical Products division
is a leading worldwide supplier of pressroom chemicals to the printing industry and also
manufactures the Kompac brand of automatic dampening systems for printing presses. The Flexographic
Products division is one of the world s largest manufacturers and marketers of sleeves for use in
flexographic printing. As a result of the acquisition of Network Distribution International ( NDI )
on November 24, 2003, the Image Transfer Segment is the largest converter of offset blankets in the
United States and is a leading distributor of a broad range of pressroom chemicals and various
ancillary products used in the pressroom. The Textile Products segment is one of the world s
largest manufacturers and marketers of precision engineered rubber cots, aprons and other
fabricated rubber fiber handling components sold to the yarn spinning and glass-forming industries
worldwide.

Affiliates of GSC Partners and SG Capital Partners LLC own substantially all of the common stock of
the Company, with the Company s management holding the balance of the common stock.

See the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on business segments
and geographic areas.

Image Transfer 

The Image Transfer segment specializes in selling consumable products to the graphic arts
(printing) industry, primarily those used in offset printing. Offset is the primary printing
process for long-run, high-speed applications, such as the printing of magazines, annual reports,
catalogs, direct mail and newspapers. Flexographic and digital printing processes are currently
used primarily in short-run, lower speed applications, such as for printing brochures and packaging
material. The Company believes that applications for image transfer products within flexographic
and digital printing processes will increase significantly and that advances in digital
technologies will complement offset printing processes and will provide additional opportunities
for consumable products. It is generally expected that the demand for these processes will grow
rapidly and that they will be used for an increasing amount of printing jobs. If these other
technologies develop so that they compete effectively with offset printing in the high-speed,
long-run segment of the printing industry, and such technologies are widely adopted, the business
of Image Transfer could be adversely affected. The Company manufactures certain

3

Table of Contents   

consumables for the digital printing market and, in conjunction with the original equipment
manufacturers ( OEMs ), continues to develop additional products such as blankets, sleeves and
belts for new printing machine technologies. Due to the large number of offset printing presses
installed and the relative cost-effectiveness of the offset printing process, management expects
that the offset process will continue to be the method of choice for long high-quality low-cost
runs. Products designed for use in offset printing generate the majority of the sales of Image
Transfer.

Transfer Media 

Offset printing blankets are highly engineered products manufactured to narrow tolerances and
precise specifications. They are composed of multiple layers of fabric, rubber and adhesives that
determine performance features on the printing press and overall quality of the printing job.
Offset printing sleeves are highly engineered  tubular  blankets that operate at speeds 20% to 30%
faster than those of standard presses. Blankets and sleeves accept ink from cylindrical printing
plates and transfer it to a broad range of paper stocks and other substrates. Blankets and sleeves
are a major determinant of the quality of the image resolution and consistency of the printed
material, as they are required to perform consistently over a broad range of press speeds and
printing pressures with a wide variety of papers, inks and other chemicals. Blankets and sleeves
are consumable and are replaced at regular intervals depending on the process used and printing
requirements. Due to the importance of blankets and sleeves in determining the overall quality of
the printing job, and because their cost typically represents less than 1% of the cost of the
printed page, price is only one of the factors in the end-user s purchase decision.

Chemical Products 

Chemical Products manufactures two categories of products: pressroom chemicals and dampening
systems. Chemical Products manufactures over 100 different pressroom chemicals, which can be
classified into the following categories: (i) roller and blanket washes, which are used to remove
ink and glaze from the surface of the rollers and blankets on the printing press; (ii) fountain
solutions, which are used to prevent ink from migrating to non-print areas of the printing plate;
(iii) anti-setoff powders, which are used by sheet fed and letter press printers to prevent ink
from transferring from the top of one sheet to the bottom of the next; (iv) lithographic chemicals
and specialties; (v) silicones, which are used in heatset web offset to provide support in certain
printing processes; and (vi) coatings. Chemical Products  products can be grouped into standard and
custom products. Product lines are formulated to meet specific customer requirements. For example,
high volume printing operations, such as major daily newspapers and commercial heatset web, often
require custom fountain solutions.

Flexographic Products 

The Company manufactures products for flexographic printing including fiberglass-based plate
mounting sleeves, bridge mandrels, sleeves for coating applications, ready-to-image products and
various support products. The Company s traditional flexographic sleeves are constructed with a
unique compressible technology that allows for greater flexibility in the printing of packaging
materials, such as plastic or cardboard. In addition, the compressible sleeve offers the
flexographic printer significant time and cost improvements over the traditional method of affixing
a photopolymer plate to the metal cylinder.

4

Table of Contents   

Products 

The Company manufactures a full line of high-quality, name brand printing blankets and sleeves to
both web-fed (continuous roll) and sheet-fed (individual sheet) offset printers under the  Day, 
 David M,  and  IPT  brands. In addition, through NDI, it offers certain name-brand blankets
produced by competitors. The Company s printing blankets and sleeves are used to print magazines,
advertising material, business forms, packaging, newspapers and other printed material. As a result
of the superior quality, reliability and value of the Company s printing blankets and sleeves and
its customer service, the Company is able to command premium prices for its products.

The Company s leading printing blankets are the 9500 dayGraphica     , 4000
dayGraphica     , 3000 Patriot     , Durazone     , 3610
dayGraphica     , 8500 AccuDot     , QuantaLith      Gold and
QuantaLith      Blue lines, which produce high-quality images, particularly on high-speed
printing presses. The Company is the sole manufacturer of tubular, seamless printing sleeves for
use on Goss International Corporation s (formerly Heidelberg Web Systems)  gapless  web offset
presses.

The Company produces consumable products for digital printing presses. Sales of these products are
expected to grow as digital printing presses are sold that utilize these products. The Company is
evaluating the production of other prototypes for new short-run color printing processes in
conjunction with leading OEMs.

Transfer Media also manufactures and sells two lines of specialty products consisting of (i)
pre-inked porous rolls for use in business machines, automated bank teller machines, ticket
machines and credit card imprinters and (ii) cast urethane mats used by the box board corrugating
industry as a backing material in cutting operations. The Company also sells printing accessories
such as cylinder packing papers and aluminum bars for mounting blankets onto press cylinders. In
addition, the Company sells custom rubber compounds to several wire coaters in Europe.

Chemical Products has developed products that speed wash-up, color changes and blanket and roller
maintenance. All are formulated to reduce downtime and improve productivity. Roller and blanket
washes are used to remove ink and glaze from the surface of the rollers and blankets on the
printing press. Chemical Products makes over 25 washes, grouped into five different categories:
premium, environmental, general purpose, fast drying and specialty. Chemical Products is a market
leader in the area of environmentally friendly washes.

Chemical Products has created a family of fountain solutions, which are used to prevent ink from
migrating to non-print areas of the printing plate, to cover all requirements from high-speed web
printing presses down to small offset duplicating printing presses. The fountain solutions and
fountain additives are adjusted for water condition and properly balanced and fortified to improve
print quality and press productivity. Chemical Products has created a line of alcohol-free fountain
solutions formulated to eliminate the use of isopropyl alcohol from the process, thus improving the
pressroom environment.

Antisetoff powders are used extensively by sheetfed, offset and letterpress printers to prevent ink
from transferring from the top of one sheet to the bottom of the next. Chemical Products offers an
extensive range of silicone and conventional antisetoff powders to meet all industry requirements.

Lithographic chemicals and specialties include a wide range of products (including deglazers,
additives, plate cleaners, aerosols) formulated to meet the evolving needs of the printing
industry.

5

Table of Contents   

Silicones are used in heatset web offset printing to provide slip to the sheet as it passes over
the former board. Chemical Products offers an extensive line of conventional silicones, as well as
new technology silicones.

Chemical Products also manufactures the patented Kompac Dampening System and other mechanical
devices for offset printing presses. Chemical Products manufactures six different Kompac Dampening
Systems models to fit more than eight different presses, both for new and retrofit applications.
Kompac Dampening Systems consume other products manufactured by Chemical Products, such as fountain
solutions.

Flexographic Products manufactures a wide array of sleeves used in the flexographic printing
process under the Rotec name. Rotec gained industry prominence in 1993 with the introduction of the
compressible sleeve, a product innovation enabling flexographic printers to achieve higher levels
of print quality. The base technology for the flexographic sleeve has the potential for use in
other printing segments as well (e.g., gravure and offset), which may expand the market segments
for sleeve technology. The Company has entered into an exclusive agreement with E. I. du Pont de
Nemours and Company to develop and manufacture an  in-the-round  sleeve under the Cyrel     
brand name for flexographic presses. The Company will manufacture sleeves with a seamless
photopolymer plate using DuPont s proprietary Cyrel photopolymer technology.

Sales and Distribution 

Image Transfer has adopted an integrated approach to product development, marketing, sales and
distribution. The Company s sales professionals, located throughout the world, develop and
cultivate strong customer relationships and possess superior technical expertise. In certain
regions, independent sales representatives and distributors complement the Company s sales force.

Image Transfer s sales force calls directly on end-users and promotes the quality and technical
features of the Company s products to pressroom foremen, purchasing agents, plant managers and
press operators. Depending on the market and product, the end-users can then order directly from
the Company or through authorized converters or dealers. Image Transfer distributes a majority of
its products through its own converting operation (NDI) as well as through a large network of
independent converters, who buy and cut printing blanket rolls to customized orders and dealers and
sub-dealers who buy finished products, store inventory and hold receivables. Converters are
value-added dealers who typically purchase rolls of uncut printing blankets from the Company and
then cut, finish and package the blankets for sale to dealers or end-users. The Company believes
that it has one of the most effective networks of converters and dealers in the industry. While the
Company distributes a substantial portion of its products directly to end-users, the sales force
supports and works closely with independent converters and dealers through joint calling efforts on
end-users and training programs. In addition, sales and technical associates work directly with
large end-users to identify the printing blankets and sleeves that best suit a printer s particular
needs and to formulate solutions to complex printing problems. NDI distributes products
manufactured by the Company, as well as other blanket manufacturers.

Textile Products 

The Textile Products segment manufactures highly engineered rubber rollers, known as cots, and
flexible belts, known as aprons, for utilization on yarn spinning machinery, which produces yarn
used in

6

Table of Contents   

the apparel, home furnishing, carpet and industrial fabric industries. In addition, the Company
manufactures consumable aprons used to apply sizing to fiberglass filament during the glass-forming
process. As a result of continuing technological improvements in automated high-speed spinning
frames, customers continue to demand cots and aprons of higher quality and greater flexibility to
meet their specialized needs and are typically willing to pay a premium for cots and aprons that
meet their value equation. The Company is known as a leader in technological innovation and quality
and has the broadest line of spinning cots and aprons of any global cots and aprons manufacturer.

Products 

The Company offers its customers both general purpose and specialty cots and aprons recognized in
the global marketplace under the DAYtex      and Accotex      brand names, with over
4,000 different SKUs. General-purpose cots and aprons include a full line of products designed for
 short staple  fibers (such as cotton) and  long staple  fibers (such as wool), while specialty
cots and aprons include glass-forming aprons, cordless aprons and drawing cots. The Company
provides high-quality, precision-engineered products that deliver superior value to its customers.
As a result, Textile Products has been an industry leader in quality and performance, allowing the
Company to command premium pricing for its products.

Because of changes in the spinning process, increasing machine speeds and other rigorous process
demands, spinning industry suppliers are constantly challenged to improve the precision, quality
and consistency of their products. The Company continues to introduce highly engineered cots and
aprons targeted to the texturing, high-speed ring and air-jet spinning markets and to the quickly
growing compact spinning market. Products such as aluminum-lined cots provide improved rigidity and
tolerance and have been widely accepted in the marketplace. Cots and aprons for these applications
face ever-increasing performance and durability demands and DAYtex and Accotex products have been
acknowledged as being technical leaders in these applications.

Other products and services include ribbons (take-up roll covering), various other accessories and
reconditioning services.

Textile Products  product development has allowed the Company to diversify into new markets. The
Company s glass-forming aprons are used to make glass fiber from liquid glass, and texturizing
aprons are used to finish certain types of synthetic filaments. Textile Products also manufactures
and markets rubber shrinkage belts for use in fabric pre-shrinking processes, such as those used
for denim, as well as rubber-covered industrial rollers for textile and other industrial
applications.

7

Table of Contents   

Sales and Distribution 

The Company believes that the quality, technical proficiency and experience of its Textile Products
sales force distinguishes its marketing efforts from those of competitors. Textile Products  sales
professionals have extensive knowledge of the spinning and weaving process. The sales force,
located throughout the world (including Europe, China and the United States), markets its products
directly to end-users, primarily textile mills, and original equipment manufacturers. In certain
regions, independent sales representatives complement the Company s sales force.

Raw Materials 

Rubber polymers are a key component in most of the products of Transfer Media and Textile Products.
The Chemical Products division purchases approximately 200 different raw materials from a variety
of key national suppliers, and holds supply agreements with many of them. However, no single
supplier accounts for more than 10% of total raw material costs. The largest raw material component
for Chemical Products is petroleum distillates, such as aliphatics and aromatics. Raw material
purchases accounted for approximately 50% of cost of goods sold for the Company s products during
2005, 2004 and 2003. Various fabrics and rubber represented approximately 30% of all raw materials
purchased in each of 2005, 2004 and 2003. The Company has developed contingency plans to address
supply line disruptions, including identifying alternative sources and maintaining a safety stock
of critical raw materials.

The Company is exposed to fluctuations in petroleum prices on certain raw material costs and
historically has been able to pass on price increases to customers.

The Company purchases its raw material requirements from a number of suppliers on a purchase order
basis, and the Company believes that there are sufficient sources of supply for the foreseeable
future.

Research and Development 

The research and development staff is focused on current product and process improvement efforts,
as well as development of new consumables for future Image Transfer and Textile Products processes.
The Company s active patents have been important to its existing product line, and increased
emphasis is being placed on new product technologies. Active efforts to obtain additional patents
are underway on a variety of technologies, including certain process patents.

In addition to its extensive patent and trademark portfolio, the Company has a variety of working
agreements with key partners in the image transfer business. These agreements and other efforts
with original equipment manufacturers may stimulate proprietary processes and additional patent
applications. In 2004, Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG sold their web offset press business to Goss
International Corporation and their 50%-ownership in Nexpress Solutions LLC to Eastman Kodak Co.
The Company has long-standing relationships with both of these companies and expects these
relationships to continue.

Competition 

The Company competes with a number of manufacturers in the image transfer and textile components
industries, with the main competitive factors being quality, performance, service and price. The
Company competes with a number of manufacturers of offset printing blankets, including Reeves

8

Table of Contents   

International, Incorporated ( Reeves ), Polyfibron Technologies, Inc. ( Polyfibron ), a subsidiary
of MacDermid, and Kinyosha Printing Company, Ltd. Chemical Products competes with a number of
manufacturers of pressroom chemicals, of which the principal competitors are Anchor Chemical
Company, Rycoline, Inc. (acquired by Sun Chemical Corporation in 2004) and Printers  Service
(PRISCO). In the United States, NDI competes with several distributors, many of which are customers
of the Company. Rotec s principal competitors are Rossini S.p.A., Polywest Kunststofftechnik, and
Axcyl Inc., a subsidiary of Polyfibron. Accel Graphics, a division of Parmarco Technologies Inc.,
is the only main competitor to the Kompac line.

In Textile Products, the Company competes with manufacturers such as Hokushin Corporation, Yamauchi
Corp. and Berkol, a division of Huber Suhner AG.

Some of the Company s competitors may have greater financial and other resources than the Company
and may consequently have more operating flexibility and a greater ability to expand production
capacity and increase research and development expenditures.

International Operations 

The Company s principal international manufacturing facilities are located in Dundee, Scotland
(Transfer Media), Ahaus, Germany (Flexographic Products), Manchester, England (Chemical Products)
and M nster, Germany (Textile Products). In addition, the Company maintains facilities in
Australia, Brazil, Czech Republic, China/Hong Kong, France, Germany, Italy, Malaysia, Mexico and
Russia.

The Company manufactures and markets its products worldwide through several international
subsidiaries and independent agents. The Company s worldwide operations are subject to the risks
normally associated with international operations including, but not limited to, the disruption of
markets, changes in export or import laws, restrictions on currency exchanges, and the modification
or introduction of other governmental policies with potentially adverse effects.

Approximately 50% of the Company s 2005 sales were derived from products sold to customers outside
the United States. This has increased from 48% in 2004 and decreased from 53% in 2003. The U.S.
dollar value of these revenues varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations, and the Company may
be exposed to gains or losses based upon such fluctuations. Significant increases in the value of
the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could have an adverse effect on the Company s
ability to meet interest and principal obligations on its U.S. dollar-denominated debt. The Company
periodically enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to protect it against a portion of such
foreign exchange movements.

Environmental Matters 

The Company s facilities in the United States are subject to federal, state and local environmental
laws and regulations, including those governing discharges to the air and water, the handling and
disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, and the remediation of contamination associated with
releases of hazardous substances. International facilities are subject to their respective
countries  federal and local environmental requirements, as well as the environmental requirements
promulgated by the European Union, where applicable. The Company has made, and will continue to
make, expenditures to comply with current and future environmental requirements. Environmental
requirements are becoming

9

Table of Contents   

increasingly stringent, and therefore the Company s expenditures for environmental compliance may
increase in the future.

Based on environmental assessments conducted by independent environmental consultants, the Company
believes that its operations are currently in compliance with environmental laws and regulations,
except as would not be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. However, there
can be no assurances that environmental requirements will not change in the future or that the
Company will not incur significant costs in the future to comply with such requirements. In
addition, the Company s operations involve the handling of toluene and other hazardous substances,
and if a release of hazardous substances occurs on or from the Company s facilities, the Company
may be required to pay the cost of remedying any condition caused by such release, the amount of
which could be material.

On July 11, 2002, the United States Environmental Protection Agency issued the proposed Maximum
Achievable Control Technology ( MACT ) standard for the Printing source category. This MACT
standard is applicable to sources located at the Company s U.S. operations. The MACT requirements
were placed into effect on March 15, 2003. The primary effect of this rule will be to require
implementation of additional air emission monitoring systems at the Company s U.S. facilities.
These rules will require certain modifications to the plant facilities over the next two years that
will total approximately $2.8 million for U.S. operations.

Associates 

The Company currently employs approximately 1,465 full-time associates worldwide, of which
approximately 736 are employed in the United States and Canada. The Company s associates in Dundee,
Scotland, and M nster, Germany, are represented by labor unions. In January 2004, the labor union
in Dundee entered into a new three-year collective bargaining agreement with the Company, expiring
on December 31, 2006. The labor union in M nster has entered into collective bargaining agreements
with the Company pertaining to general working conditions and to salaries and wages. The agreement
as to general working conditions and the agreement as to salaries and wages expires December 31,
2006. None of the Company s U.S. associates are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. To
encourage productivity improvements, a portion of each associate s total compensation is tied to a
performance bonus. The Company considers its employee relations to be good.

10

Table of Contents   

ITEM 1a. RISK FACTORS 

The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks not currently
known or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. Past financial
performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not
be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods because of the following factors, as well
as other variables affecting our operating results.

Substantial Leverage and Debt Service Obligations: Our indebtedness could adversely affect our
financial health, limit our ability to grow and compete and prevent us from fulfilling our
obligations under our indebtedness. 

We are highly leveraged. At December 31, 2005 our aggregate indebtedness is approximately $399
million, and the aggregate liquidation preference of our Exchangeable Preferred Stock is $49
million. In comparison our outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2004 was $252 million, with
$79 million outstanding under the Exchangeable Preferred Stock and $91 million outstanding on the
Redeemable Preferred Stock.

The level of our indebtedness could have important consequences to holders of the Company s
securities. For example, it could:

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to
payments on the debt, limiting available cash for other purposes, such as funding
working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, research and development efforts and
other general corporate purposes; 

limit our ability to obtain additional debt financing in the future for working
capital, capital expenditures, research and development or acquisitions; 

increase the amount of our interest expense, because certain of our borrowings are
at variable rates of interest, which if interest rates increase, would result in
higher interest expense; 

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and
the industries in which we operate; 

restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new technologies or
exploiting business opportunities; and 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less
indebtedness. 

Failing to comply with our debt covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured
or waived, could cause our lenders to initiate action to seek immediate repayment of our
outstanding indebtedness. In these circumstances, we may not be able to refinance our indebtedness
with other lenders and would not have the funds available to repay our indebtedness. Additionally,
the operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our debt instruments, such as the credit
agreement relating to the credit facility, may limit our ability to finance future operations or
capital needs or engage in other business activities. These restrictions could place us at a
disadvantage relative to competitors not subject to such limitations.

11

Table of Contents   

Risks Associated with our Exchangeable Preferred Stock: Various restrictions in the New Credit
Agreements limit our ability to pay cash dividends. 

We have outstanding $49 million liquidation preference of 12  1  / 4 % Senior Exchangeable Preferred Stock
at December 31, 2005. All dividends are payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15,
September 15 and December 15 of each year. Although unpaid dividends through December 5, 2005 were
paid, various restrictions in the New Credit Agreements limit our ability to pay cash dividends in
the future. We do not anticipate that the restrictions on payment of cash dividends will change in
the near term to allow future dividends to be paid.

Risks Associated with International Operations: Our substantial international operations subject us
to risks inherent in non-U.S. activities, including political uncertainty, import and export
limitations, exchange controls, unfavorable economic conditions outside of the United States, and
currency fluctuations. 

We manufacture and market our products worldwide. Our substantial worldwide operations are subject
to risks inherent in international operations, including the following:

agreements may be difficult to enforce and receivables difficult to collect through a
foreign country s legal system; 

foreign customers may have longer payment cycles; 

foreign countries may impose additional withholding taxes or otherwise tax our foreign
income, impose tariffs or adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment,
including currency exchange controls; 

intellectual property rights may be more difficult to enforce in foreign countries; 

fluctuations in exchange rates may affect product demand and may adversely affect the
profitability in U.S. dollars of products and services provided by us in foreign markets
where payment for our products and services is made in the local currency; 

general economic conditions in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse
effect on our earnings from operations in those countries; 

our business and profitability in a particular country could be affected by political or
economic repercussions on a domestic, country-specific or global level from terrorist
activities and the response to such activities; 

unexpected adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements may occur,
including with respect to export duties and quotas; 

compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations may be difficult; 

overlap of different tax structures may subject us to additional taxes; and 

significant increases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could
have an adverse effect on our ability to meet interest and principal
obligations on U.S.
dollar-denominated debt. 

We believe
that the political and economic stability of the countries in which our largest international
operations are located, the stand-alone nature of the operations, our limited net asset exposure,
our forward foreign exchange contract practices and pricing flexibility help to mitigate risks
related to our international operations. We also have approximately $70 million of our outstanding
indebtedness

12

Table of Contents   

denominated in Euros at December 31, 2005. We cannot be sure that any of the foregoing factors will
not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, which may adversely affect our operating
results and net income. 

Approximately 50% of our 2005 sales were derived from products sold outside the United States. The
U.S. dollar value of these revenues varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations, and we may be
exposed to gains or losses based upon these fluctuations.

Certain of our international subsidiaries make purchases and sales in designated currencies other
than the U.S. dollar. As a result, they are subject to transaction exposures that arise from foreign
exchange movements between the date that the foreign currency transaction is recorded and the date
it is consummated. In addition, we have intercompany loans outstanding with certain international
subsidiaries in their local currencies, exposing us to the effect of changes in exchange rates at
loan issue and loan repayment dates.

We periodically enter into forward foreign exchange contracts to protect against foreign currency
exchange movements. We have euro-denominated debt to protect investments in Europe from
fluctuations in the euro compared with the U.S. dollar. These strategies may not completely protect
us from losses from these fluctuations.

Interest Rate Risks   :    We are subject to market risk from exposure to changes in the interest rates
based on our financing activities. 

We utilize a mix of debt maturities along with both fixed- and variable-rate debt to manage our
exposure to changes in interest rates and to minimize interest expense. During 2005, we entered
into an interest rate swap to swap a portion of our variable rate debt to fixed rates. We do not
expect changes in interest rates to have a material effect on income or cash flows in 2006,
although there can be no assurance that interest rates will not materially change . 

Commodity Risks: Increases in costs or reductions in supplies of specialty and commodity products
used in our manufacturing process could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 

Rubber polymers and fabrics are key components in most of the products manufactured by the Image
Transfer and Textile Products segments. We are exposed to changes in the costs of these components.
Pressroom Chemicals is exposed to changes in the cost of certain petroleum-based components. The
largest raw material component in Pressroom Chemicals  products is petroleum distillates.
The availability and prices of raw materials may be subject to curtailment or change due to,
among other things:

new laws or regulations; 

suppliers  allocations to other purchasers; 

interruptions in production by suppliers; 

changes in exchange rates; and 

worldwide price levels. 

13

Table of Contents   

Our results of operations could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain adequate supplies
of raw materials in a timely manner or if the costs of raw materials increased significantly. When
commodity prices increase, we have historically passed on increases to our customers to maintain
our profit margins. Conversely, when commodity prices decline, we generally lower sales prices to
meet competitive pressures. We may not be able to raise sales prices to offset significantly
higher costs in the future

Impact of Significant Competition: The competitive pressures we face could harm our sales and gross
profit. 

We encounter competition from varied competitors in all areas of our business, and our competitors
may target our key market segments. We compete primarily on the basis of quality, technology,
performance, price, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services,
and service and support levels. If our products, services, support and cost structure do not enable
us to compete successfully based on any of those criteria, our operations, financial results and
prospects could be harmed. Because our business model is based on providing innovative and high
quality products, we may spend a proportionately greater amount on research and development than
our competitors. Some of our competitors may have greater financial and other resources and
consequently have more operating flexibility and a greater ability to expand production capacity
and increase research and development expenditures.

Environmental Matters: Environmental and health and safety liabilities and requirements could
require us to incur material costs. 

We are subject to a broad range of Federal, state, local, and foreign environmental laws and
regulations, including

those governing discharges to the air and water; 

the handling and disposal of solid and/or hazardous wastes; and 

the remediation of contamination associated with releases of hazardous substances. 

We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs and capital expenditures in
complying with these laws and regulations. We could incur significant additional costs, including
cleanup costs, fines and sanctions and third-party claims, as a result of past or future violations
of or liabilities under environmental laws.

The nature of our operations and products, including the raw materials we handle, exposes us to the
risk of liabilities or claims with respect to environmental cleanup and other matters, including
those in connection with the disposal of hazardous materials. Our operations involve the handling
of toluene and other hazardous substances. If a release of hazardous substances occurs on or from
one of our facilities, we may be required to pay the cost of remediating the condition caused by
the release, which could be material. The ultimate costs and timing of environmental liabilities
are difficult to predict. Liability under environmental laws relating to contaminated sites can be
imposed retroactively and on a joint and several basis, meaning that one liable party could be held
responsible for all costs at a site, regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal.

In addition, future events, such as changes in or more rigorous enforcement of environmental laws
could require us to make additional expenditures, modify or curtail our operations and/or install
pollution control equipment.

14

Table of Contents   

We believe that our operations are in compliance with environmental requirements. However, there
can be no assurances that environmental requirements will not change in the future or that we will
not incur significant costs in the future to comply with such requirements.

Impact of Technological Change: We may be unable to respond effectively to technological changes in
our industry, which could reduce the demand for our products and adversely affect our results of
operations. 

Currently, nearly all of the sales of Image Transfer are generated by product designed for use on
offset, flexographic and digital presses. Our future business success will depend upon our ability
to maintain and enhance our technological capabilities, develop and market products and
applications that meet changing customer needs and successfully anticipate or respond to
technological changes on a cost-effective and timely basis. Our inability to anticipate, respond to
or utilize changing technologies could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations.

Recently enacted changes in the securities laws and regulations are likely to increase our costs. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 required changes in some of our corporate governance, securities
disclosure and compliance practices. In response to the requirements of that Act, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the major stock exchanges have promulgated new rules on a variety of
subjects. Compliance with these new rules has increased our legal and financial and accounting
costs, and we expect these increased costs to continue indefinitely. Likewise, these developments
may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors
or qualified executive officers.

Due to inherent limitations, there can be no assurance that our system of disclosure and internal
controls and procedures will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in informing
management of all material information in a timely manner. 

Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect
that our disclosure controls and internal controls and procedures will prevent all error and all
fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a
control system reflects that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur simply
because of error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of
some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control.

The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.

15

Table of Contents   

There are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the
preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP. Any changes in estimates, judgments
and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and
results of operations. 

The consolidated and condensed consolidated financial statements included in the periodic reports
we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that
affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and related reserves,
revenues, expenses and income. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently subject to
change in the future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and income. Any such changes could have a material adverse
effect on our financial position and results of operations.

Dependence on Key Personnel: We may be adversely affected if we lose the services of any member of
our senior management team. 

The success of our Company depends in large part on senior management and our ability to attract
and retain other highly qualified management personnel. The loss of any member of the senior
management team could have an adverse affect on us, depending on our ability to locate a suitable
replacement either within or from outside Day International, in a timely and cost-effective manner.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in hiring or retaining key personnel.

Our production facilities are subject to operating hazards, the occurrence of which could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and business
disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs
and expenses. 

We are dependent on the continued operation of our production facilities. These production
facilities are subject to hazards associated with the manufacture, handling, storage and
transportation of chemical materials and products, including pipeline leaks and ruptures,
explosions, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, mechanical failure,
unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties, transportation interruptions, and environmental hazards,
such as spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances and gases, storage tank
leaks and remediation complications.

Our worldwide operations could be subject to natural disasters, fires, inclement weather
earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, typhoons, fires, other extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics
and other natural or manmade disasters, for which we may not be insured or fully insured.

These hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to, or destruction of,
property and equipment and environmental contamination and other environmental damage and could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We are exposed to intangible asset risk. 

16

Table of Contents   

We have recorded intangible assets, including goodwill, in connection with business acquisitions.
We are required to perform goodwill impairment tests at least on an annual basis and whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable from estimated
future cash flows. As a result of our annual and other periodic evaluations, we may determine that
the intangible asset values need to be written down to their fair values, which could result in
material charges that could be adverse to our operating results and financial position.

Prolonged downturns of our customers  industries and general economic uncertainty could adversely
affect our sales and operating profit. 

Our sales and operating profit depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand
for our products and services in the markets in which we compete. Economic weakness and constrained
spending, as well as diminishing markets in many of our customers  industries, may result in the
future, in decreased sales, gross margin, earnings or growth rates and problems with our ability to
collect customer receivables. In addition, customer financial difficulties could result in
increases in bad debt write-offs and additions to reserves in our receivables portfolio. Economic
downturns could result in restructuring actions and associated expenses. Uncertainty about future
economic conditions makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions
about future investments. Delays or reductions in spending could have a material adverse effect on
demand for our products and services, and consequently our results of operations.

We rely on patents, trademarks, and confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual
property. Our future performance and growth could be adversely affected if we fail to protect our
intellectual property rights. 

Our active patents have been important to our existing product line, and increased emphasis is
being placed on new product technologies. Active efforts to obtain additional patents are underway
on a variety of technologies, including certain process patents. Protection of our proprietary
processes, methods and compounds and other technology is important to our business. Failure to
protect our existing intellectual property rights may result in the loss of valuable technologies
or having to pay other companies for infringing on their intellectual property rights. Some of our
technologies are not covered by any patent or patent application, and we cannot assure you that any
of our patents will not be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or rendered unenforceable.
Furthermore, we cannot assure you that any pending patent application filed by us will result in an
issued patent, or if patents are issued to us, that those patents will provide meaningful
protection against competitors or against competitive technologies. In addition, effective patent,
trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in
some foreign countries.

ITEM 1b. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

17

Table of Contents   

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

As noted below, the Company operates state-of-the-art, manufacturing facilities strategically
located throughout the world. The Company believes that it has sufficient capacity at its
manufacturing facilities to meet its production needs for the foreseeable future, and further
believes that all its sales worldwide can be sourced through these facilities. A majority of the
Company s manufacturing facilities are ISO certified. The Company s significant facilities are
listed below:

18

Table of Contents   

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary
course of business. None of the matters in which the Company is currently involved, either
individually or in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business or financial condition.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

None.

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

As of
March 1, 2006, there were 21 holders of record of shares of Common Stock. Sale or transfer of
the Common Stock is subject to the terms of a Stockholders Agreement that all stockholders have
signed. There is no established trading market for the Common Stock. The Company has never paid or
declared a cash dividend on the Common Stock.

19

Table of Contents   

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following table sets forth summary financial data of the Company for each of the five fiscal
years in the period ended December 31, 2005.

20

Table of Contents   

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following should be read in conjunction with  Selected Financial Data  and  Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data  and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.

On November 24, 2003, Network Distribution International ( NDI ) was acquired. Its results of
operations are included in the Company s consolidated results of operations for the period
subsequent to the acquisition. Accordingly, the results of operations for historical as well as
future periods may not be comparable to prior periods.

Comparison of Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2005, compared to Year Ended December 31, 2004  

Net sales
increased $0.6 million (0.2%) to $363.3 million, primarily as a result of increased sales
volume, and the effect of price increases in selected product lines. Sales in 2005 were negatively
affected by decreased sales volumes of $5.7 million in the
United States and by $0.6 million of unfavorable changes in foreign currency
rates used to translate international sales into U.S. dollars, offset by increased sales
volume of $5.1 million in Europe. Image Transfer s sales increased
$4.1 million (1.3%) to $317.8 million. Image Transfer s sales were negatively affected by decreased
sales volumes of $2.3 million in the United States, offset by increased sales volumes of $7.1
million in Europe and $0.7 million as a result of the effect of changes in foreign currency rates.
The lower U.S. Image Transfer sales volume was primarily as a result
of lower sales volumes in
flat blankets and chemical products outside the United States. European sales volume increased
primarily from growth of chemical products in the United Kingdom and Germany, transfer media
products in Germany and flexographic products. Textile Products  sales decreased $3.6 million
(7.2%) to $45.5 million, primarily as a result of lower sales volume in Europe of $3.7 million
offset by a $0.1 million of favorable changes in foreign currency rates. European Textile Products 
sales volumes were lower in 2005 compared to 2004, primarily as a result of lower demand from
original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ), in line with the OEMs own reduced level of business
activity.

Gross profit increased $2.3 million (1.7%) to $135.0 million. Foreign currency rate changes
decreased gross profit by $0.2 million. As a percentage of net sales, gross profit increased to
37.2% for 2005,

21

Table of Contents   

compared to 36.6% for 2004. The improvement in gross profit as a percentage of sales is a result of
improved manufacturing performances.

Selling, general and administrative expense ( SG A ) decreased $0.2 million (0.2%) to $80.7
million, primarily as a result of changes in foreign currency rates. Changes in foreign currency
rates decreased SG A costs by $0.2 million compared to 2004. As a percentage of net sales, SG A
decreased slightly to 22.2% from 22.3%. Included in SG A is
$1.0 million for consulting fees, paid to three NDI former shareholders (which expire in 2006), and $0.7 million for the loss for the settlement of the U.K.
pension plan that was suspended during 2004.

Operating
profit increased $2.5 million (4.9%) to $53.2 million. As a percentage of net sales,
operating profit increased to 14.7% for 2005, from 14.0% for 2004. Image Transfer s operating
profit increased $3.3 million (6.4%) to $53.6 million, primarily as a result of higher sales
volumes. As a percentage of net sales, Image Transfer s
operating profit increased to 16.9% for
2005, from 16.0% in 2004. Textile Products  operating profit decreased $0.3 million (4.4%) to $6.3
million. As a percentage of net sales, Textile Products  operating profit increased to 13.9% for
2005, from 13.5% in 2004. Lower selling and administrative costs in the United States and improved
manufacturing performance in Europe favorably affected Textile Products  operating profit as a
percentage of net sales in 2005 compared to 2004.

Other (income) expense was $5.9 million and $(2.8) million for 2005 and 2004. The other (income)
expense is primarily due to foreign currency transaction (gains) losses incurred in the normal
course of international subsidiaries conducting business in other than their functional currencies
as well as a result of intercompany financing arrangements. Other (income) expense includes a gain
of $3.1 million in 2005 on the mark-to-market of the Euro Term Loan.

The effective tax rate was 197.6% in 2005. The effective tax rate is affected by the non-deductible
preferred stock dividends reflected as interest expense in accordance
with SFAS No. 150. The effective
tax rate in 2005 is further affected by foreign-sourced dividends and income taxable in the United
States and non-deductible expenses.

In 2004, the  American Jobs Creation Act of 2004  (the  Jobs Act ) was enacted. The Jobs Act provides
a deduction with respect to U.S. manufacturing activities, allows for tax-favored repatriation of
offshore earnings and makes numerous changes to various tax rules. The Company s ability to take
advantage of certain provisions of the Jobs Act is limited because of the U.S. net operating loss
carryforward position of the Company and because of various restrictions in the Company s debt
agreements. For these reasons, the Company does not believe that the Jobs Act will have a material
effect on the Company s tax expense or cash flows over the next several years.

In 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123 (Revised),  Share-based Payments . This Statement establishes
standards for the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments
for goods or services. This Statement focuses primarily on accounting for transactions in which an
entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions. This Statement eliminates the
alternative to use APB Opinion 25 s intrinsic value method of accounting that was provided in
Statement 123 as originally issued. Under APB Opinion 25, issuing stock options to employees
generally resulted in recognition of no compensation cost. This Statement requires entities to
recognize the cost of employee services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments based
on the grant-date fair value of those awards. This statement will have no effect on the cash flows
of the Company, or the Company s compliance with its debt covenants. Net income (loss) after the
adoption will be affected

22

Table of Contents   

by the stock option expense that was previously only disclosed. The Company must adopt this
Statement effective January 1, 2006. Pre-tax stock option expense is estimated to be $1.2 million
for the year ending December 31, 2006.

Year Ended December 31, 2004, compared to Year Ended December 31, 2003  

Net sales increased $73.7 million (25.5%) to $362.7 million, primarily as a result of sales from
businesses acquired in 2003, higher sales volumes in the United States and Europe and favorable
changes in foreign currency rates. Sales in 2004 include $44.4 million of sales from businesses
acquired in 2003. Sales in 2004 were positively affected by increased sales volumes of $9.6 million
in the United States, increased sales volume of $3.1 million in Europe and $13.4 million of
favorable changes in foreign currency rates used to translate international sales into U.S.
dollars. Image Transfer s sales increased $73.1 million (30.4%) to $313.7 million. Image Transfer s
sales were positively affected by sales from business acquisitions in 2003 of $44.4 million,
increased sales volumes of $9.3 million in the United States, increased sales volumes of $5.4
million in Europe and $10.8 million as a result of the effect of changes in foreign currency rates.
The higher U.S. Image Transfer sales volume was primarily as a result of higher sales volumes in
blankets, offset sleeves, flexographic sleeves and digital products. European sales volume
increased primarily from growth of chemical products in the United Kingdom and Germany, transfer
media products in Germany and flexographic products. Textile Products  sales increased $0.6 million
(1.2%) to $49.0 million, primarily as a result of slightly higher sales volume in the United States
of $0.3 million and by favorable foreign currency rate changes of $2.6 million, offset by lower
sales volume in Europe of $2.3 million. European Textile Products  sales volumes were lower in 2004
compared to 2003, primarily as a result of lower demand from original equipment manufacturers
( OEMs ), in line with the OEMs own reduced level of business activity. OEM sales in 2004 continued
at a relatively strong level, but were not at the unusually high level of 2003. Lower demand from
textile mills in Europe also contributed to the shortfall.

Gross profit increased $27.5 million (26.2%) to $132.7 million. Foreign currency rate changes
increased gross profit by $5.2 million. As a percentage of net sales, gross profit increased to
36.6% for 2004, compared to 36.4% for 2003. The improvement in gross profit as a percentage of
sales is a result of improved manufacturing performances offset by the effect of the NDI
acquisition in 2003, as that business historically had lower gross profit percentages than Day s
other businesses.

Selling, general and administrative expense ( SG A ) increased $17.4 million (27.4%) to $80.9
million, primarily as a result of SG A associated with businesses acquired of $8.9 million and
changes in foreign currency rates. Changes in foreign currency rates increased SG A costs by $2.8
million compared to 2003. SG A costs also increased as a result of higher insurance costs and
higher selling and distribution costs resulting from higher sales levels. As a percentage of net
sales, SG A increased slightly to 22.3% from 22.0%.

Operating profit increased $10.9 million (27.3%) to $50.7 million. As a percentage of net sales,
operating profit increased to 14.0% for 2004, from 13.8% for 2003. Image Transfer s operating
profit increased $8.6 million (20.6%) to $50.3 million, primarily as a result of higher sales
volumes. As a percentage of net sales, Image Transfer s operating profit decreased to 16.0% for
2004, from 16.7% in 2003. The decline in operating margin as a percentage of sales is a result of
substantially lower operating margins on NDI s distribution business than Day s historical margins
on manufactured products offset by improved manufacturing performances. Textile Products  operating
profit increased $2.4 million (55.6%) to $6.6 million. As a percentage of net sales, Textile
Products  operating profit increased to 13.5% for

23

Table of Contents   

2004, from 8.8% in 2003. Lower selling and administrative costs in the United States and improved
manufacturing performance in Europe favorably affected Textile Products  operating profit in 2004
compared to 2003.

Other (income) expense was $(2.8) million and $3.0 million for 2004 and 2003. The other (income)
expense is primarily due to foreign currency transaction (gains) losses incurred in the normal
course of international subsidiaries conducting business in other than their functional currencies
as well as a result of intercompany financing arrangements. Other (income) expense includes a loss
of $1.8 million in 2004 on the mark-to-market of the euro-denominated Tranche A Term Loan and a
gain of $0.4 million on the sale of fixed assets. Other expense in 2003 included a loss of $3.2
million on the mark-to-market of the euro-denominated Tranche A Term Loan, a loss of $1.1 million
from the sale of the South African business, and a gain of $0.9 million from the sale of excess
land in Mauldin, South Carolina.

The effective tax rate was 219.6% in 2004. The Company recorded income tax expense on a loss before
income taxes in 2003. The effective tax rate is affected by the non-deductible preferred stock
dividends now reflected as interest expense in accordance with FAS 150. The effective tax rate in
2004 is further affected by foreign-sourced dividends and income taxable in the United States and
non-deductible expenses.

In 2004, the  American Jobs Creation Act of 2004  (the  Jobs Act ) was enacted. The Jobs Act provides
a deduction with respect to U.S. manufacturing activities, allows for tax-favored repatriation of
offshore earnings and makes numerous changes to various tax rules. The Company s ability to take
advantage of certain provisions of the Jobs Act is limited because of the U.S. net operating loss
carryforward position of the Company and because of various restrictions in the Company s debt
agreements. For these reasons, the Company does not believe that the Jobs Act will have a material
effect on the Company s tax expense or cash flows over the next several years.

In 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123 (Revised),  Share-based Payments . This Statement establishes
standards for the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments
for goods or services. This Statement focuses primarily on accounting for transactions in which an
entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions. This Statement eliminates the
alternative to use APB Opinion 25 s intrinsic value method of accounting that was provided in
Statement 123 as originally issued. Under APB Opinion 25, issuing stock options to employees
generally resulted in recognition of no compensation cost. This Statement requires entities to
recognize the cost of employee services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments based
on the grant-date fair value of those awards. This statement will have no effect on the cash flows
of the Company, or the Company s compliance with its debt covenants. Net income (loss) after the
adoption will be affected by the stock option expense that was previously only disclosed. The
Company has must adopt this Statement effective January 1, 2006. Pre-tax stock option expense is
estimated to be $1.2 million for the year ending December 31, 2006.

In 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150,  Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with
Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity . This statement established standards for how an
issuer classifies and measures certain financial instruments with characteristics of both
liabilities and equity. This statement requires that the Company s redeemable preferred stock be
recorded in the same manner as long-term debt. The Company adopted the statement as of July 1,
2003. Therefore, since the third quarter of 2003, the Company has reflected the redeemable
preferred stock as long-term debt and accrued dividends are shown as interest expense. The adoption
of this statement had no effect on the net

24

Table of Contents   

loss available to common shareholders, cash flows of the Company or the Company s compliance with
its debt covenants.

Risks Associated with International Operations 

The Company conducts a significant amount of business and has operating and sales facilities in
countries outside the United States. As a result, the Company is subject to business risks inherent
in non-U.S. activities, including political uncertainty, import and export limitations, exchange
controls and currency fluctuations. The Company believes risks related to its international
operations are mitigated due to the political and economic stability of the countries in which its
largest international operations are located, the stand-alone nature of the operations, the
Company s limited net asset exposure, forward foreign exchange contract practices and pricing
flexibility. Thus, while changes in foreign currency values do affect earnings, the longer-term
economic effect of these changes should not have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

Certain of the Company s international subsidiaries make purchases and sales in designated
currencies other than their functional currency. As a result, they are subject to transaction
exposures that arise from foreign exchange movements between the date that the foreign currency
transaction is recorded and the date it is consummated. In addition, the Company has intercompany
loans outstanding with certain international subsidiaries in their local currencies, exposing it to
the effect of changes in exchange rates at loan issue and loan repayment dates. The Company
periodically enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to protect it against such foreign
exchange movements. The contract value of these foreign exchange contracts was $13.9 million and
$9.5 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004. These contracts generally have terms of three to twelve
months. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Company had outstanding  59.6 million and  20.4
million of term loans issued under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The Company has issued
euro-denominated debt in order to protect the Company s investments in Europe from fluctuations in
the euro compared to the U.S. dollar. Foreign currency gains (losses), included in other (expense)
income-net, were $1.9 million in 2005, $2.5 million in 2004 and $(2.6) million in 2003. Based on
the Company s overall foreign currency exchange rate exposure at December 31, 2005, a 10% adverse
change in foreign currency exchange rates would result in a hypothetical estimated loss in earnings
of approximately $3.9 million. If the forward contracts and the euro-denominated Tier 1 Loan were
aggregated with the Company s other exposures, a 10% adverse change in foreign currency exchange
rates would result in a hypothetical estimated loss in earnings of $2.1 million.

Interest Rate Risks 

The Company is subject to market risk from exposure to changes in the interest rates based on its
financing activities. The Company utilizes a mix of debt maturities along with both fixed- and
variable-rate debt to manage its exposure to changes in interest rates and to minimize interest
expense. During 2005, the Company entered into a $240 million
and  45 million interest rate swaps
to swap a portion of the Company s variable rate debt to fixed rates. The swaps expire in December
2013 and 2012, respectively. The Company does not expect changes in interest rates to have a
material effect on income or cash flows in 2006, although there can be no assurance that interest
rates will not materially change.

25

Table of Contents   

Commodity Risks 

Rubber polymers and fabrics are key components in most of the Transfer Media and Textile products.
The Company is exposed to changes in the costs of these components. Chemical Products is exposed to
changes in the cost of certain petroleum-based components. The largest raw material component in
Pressroom Chemicals  products is petroleum distillates, such as aliphatics and aromatics. When
commodity prices increase, the Company has historically passed on increases to its customers to
maintain its profit margins. Conversely, when commodity prices decline, the Company generally
lowers its sales prices to meet competitive pressures. Because the Company has historically been
able to raise sales prices to offset higher costs, management believes that a 10% change in the
cost of its components could have a short-term effect until sales price increases take effect, but
overall would not have a material effect on income or cash flows for a fiscal year.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company has historically generated sufficient funds from its operations to fund its working
capital and capital expenditure requirements.

The Company s expenditures for plant, property and equipment were $7.5 million in 2005, $10.4
million in 2004 and $6.9 million in 2003. The Company believes that capital expenditures of $9.0
million to $12.0 million annually over the next several years will be sufficient to maintain its
leading market position. The Company expects to fund these capital expenditures from cash flow from
operations.

26

Table of Contents   

The Company will be required, subject to certain conditions, to redeem all of the Exchangeable
Preferred Stock or the Exchange Debentures as the case may be, on March 15, 2010. The Company may,
at its option, redeem the Exchangeable Preferred Stock or the Exchange Debentures, in whole or in
part, for cash, at 102.042% until March 14, 2006 and 100.0% thereafter    Note  : to be confirmed.  ,
together with, in the case of the Exchangeable Preferred Stock, all accumulated and unpaid
dividends to the date of redemption, or in the case of the Exchange Debentures, all accrued and
unpaid interest to the date of redemption. Upon the occurrence of a change in control, the Company
would be required to make an offer to purchase the Exchangeable Preferred Stock or the Exchange
Debentures, for cash, at a price equal to 101% of the liquidation preference or aggregate principal
amount (as the case may be) thereof, together with, in the case of the Exchangeable Preferred
Stock, all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the date of purchase, or in the case of the Exchange
Debentures, all accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase.

The Company does not have transactions, arrangements or relationships with special-purpose entities
and the Company does not have any off-balance-sheet debt except as disclosed in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.

In 2001, the Company suspended its U.K. pension plan and settled the remaining obligation in 2005.
The settlement required an additional contribution of approximately $2.9 million and resulted in a
pre-tax settlement loss of approximately $0.7 million.

Environmental Expenditures 

The Company has made, and will continue to make, expenditures to comply with current and future
requirements of environmental laws and regulations. The Company estimates that in 2005 it spent
$0.7 million in capital expenditures and related expense projects to comply with environmental
requirements.

On July 11, 2002, the United States Environmental Protection Agency issued the proposed Maximum
Achievable Control Technology ( MACT ) standard for the Printing source category. This MACT
standard is applicable to sources located at the Company s U.S. operations. The MACT requirements
were placed into effect on March 15, 2003. The primary effect of this rule will be to require
implementation of additional air emission monitoring systems at the Company s U.S. facilities.
These rules will require certain modifications to the plant facilities over the next two years that
will total approximately $2.8 million for U.S. operations. Capital expenditures relating to
environmental matters are anticipated to be approximately $2.1 million in 2006.

Based on environmental assessments conducted by independent environmental consultants, the Company
believes that its operations are currently in compliance with environmental laws and regulations,
except as would not be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. However, there
can be no assurances that environmental requirements will not change in the future or that the
Company will not incur significant costs in the future to comply with such requirements. In
addition, the Company s operations involve the handling of solvents and other hazardous substances,
and if a release of hazardous substances occurs on or from the Company s facilities, the Company
may

27

Table of Contents   

be required to pay the cost of remedying any condition caused by such release, the amount of which
could be material.

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosures at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The more significant estimates
include: accounts receivable allowances, inventory valuation, recoverability of long-lived assets,
retirement and other postretirement benefits, and the realization of deferred tax assets. We use
the following methods and assumptions in determining our estimates:

Accounts Receivable Allowances  Reserves for product returns are calculated based upon historical
experience. Allowances for doubtful accounts are determined by applying historical experience with
consideration given to the condition of the economy and evaluation of specific accounts. Other
allowances are calculated based on negotiated agreements with customers.

Inventory Valuation   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using the first-in,
first-out (FIFO) method. Reserves for obsolete and slow-moving inventory are determined based on
the lower of cost or market method. Market value is determined based on management s estimate of
selling price less selling costs.

Recoverability of Long-lived Assets  Recoverability of goodwill is tested at least annually in
accordance with SFAS No. 142 using the present value of estimated future cash flows. Other
long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with SFAS No. 144 by determining
whether the amortization of the assets over their remaining lives can be recovered through
projected undiscounted cash flows. Future cash flows are forecasted based on management s estimates
of future events and could be materially different from actual cash flows.

Retirement and Other Postretirement Benefits  Retirement and other postretirement benefit costs and
obligations are dependent on assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions
include discount rates, health care cost trend rates, benefits earned, interest cost, expected
return on plan assets, mortality rates and other factors. In accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States, actual results that differ from the assumptions are
accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect recognized expense
and the recorded obligation in future periods. While management believes that the assumptions used
are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect the
Company s retirement and other postretirement obligations and future expense. See Notes M and N to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on the assumptions used.

Realization of Deferred Tax Assets  Realization of net operating loss carryforwards and other
deferred tax assets is determined in accordance with the appropriate accounting guidance in SFAS
No. 109. Realization of the deferred tax assets is periodically evaluated using expected future
reversals of existing temporary differences, future taxable income resulting principally from the
characterization of cash flow from international subsidiaries as dividends taxable in the United
States and the effects of lower interest expense from lower outstanding debt levels as debt service
requirements are met.

28

Table of Contents   

For further information regarding our accounting policies, see Note B to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Contractual Obligations 

The Company enters into various contractual obligations throughout the year. Presented below are
the contractual obligations of the Company as of December 31, 2005, and the time period in which
payments under the obligations are due. Disclosures related to long-term debt, capital lease
obligations and operating lease obligations are included in the footnotes to the consolidated
financial statements of the Company. Disclosures regarding the amounts due under purchase
obligations for capital expenditures are also included below. A purchase obligation is defined as
an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on the company
and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased;
fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
Purchase obligations related to normal and recurring purchase orders are not included, as the
Company does not enter into long-term agreements that would represent purchase obligations. Any
short-term purchase order that might meet the definition of purchase obligation is only entered
into for a reasonable period of time for quantities to be used within normal operating conditions.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

See information in Item 7.

29

Table of Contents   

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

30

Table of Contents   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Day International Group, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Day International Group, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders  equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2005. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We
were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of Day International Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as
of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2005, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.

As discussed in Note G, in 2003 the Company changed its method of accounting for redeemable
preferred stock in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 150,  Accounting
for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity .

ERNST   YOUNG LLP

Dayton, Ohio 
March 27, 2006

31

Table of Contents   

DAY INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
DECEMBER 31, 2005 AND 2004 
(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

32

Table of Contents   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

33

Table of Contents   

DAY INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005, 2004 AND 2003 
(In thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

34

Table of Contents   

DAY INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005, 2004 AND 2003 
(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

35

Table of Contents   

DAY INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005, 2004 AND 2003 
(In thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

36

Table of Contents   

DAY INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005, 2004 AND 2003 
(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

A. NATURE OF OPERATIONS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Day International Group, Inc. and subsidiaries is one of the world s leading producers and
distributors of precision-engineered products, specializing in the design and customization of
consumable image-transfer products for the graphic arts (printing) industry and consumable fiber
handling products for the textile industry. The Image Transfer segment designs, manufactures and
distributes high-quality printing blankets, sleeves, pressroom chemicals and automatic dampening
systems used primarily in the offset, flexographic and digital printing industries. The Textile
Products segment manufactures and markets precision engineered rubber cots and aprons sold to
textile yarn spinners and other engineered rubber products sold to diverse markets. Sales are made
through Day s sales organization, distributors and representatives.

On November 24, 2003, the Company acquired Network Distribution International ( NDI ). The total
purchase price for NDI was $32,203, paid in cash. NDI is a converter of offset blankets and
reseller of ancillary consumable products to the printing industry, primarily in the United States.
NDI supplies printers with a broad range of printing blankets, pressroom chemicals, supplies and
equipment. Results of operations of NDI are included in the Company s consolidated results of
operations for the period subsequent to the acquisition.

B. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES 

Principles of Consolidation   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated.

Cash and Cash Equivalents   Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with an
original purchased maturity of three months or less.

Inventories   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out
(FIFO) method. Reserves for obsolete and slow-moving inventory are determined based on the lower of
cost or market method. Market value is determined based on management s estimate of selling price
less selling costs.

Property, Plant and Equipment   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is
computed using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Buildings and
improvements are depreciated over 10 to 40 years and machinery and equipment are depreciated over 5
to 10 years.

Goodwill and Other Intangibles   Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the
net assets acquired and is evaluated for impairment based on the requirements as proscribed in
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ( SFAS ) No. 142. The Company assesses the
recoverability of other long-lived assets, including other intangibles, by determining whether the
amortization of the respective balances over their remaining lives can be recovered through
projected undiscounted cash flows.

37

Table of Contents   

Deferred financing costs are being amortized using an effective interest rate method over the lives
of the related debt. Intangibles are being amortized using the straight-line method.

Stock-Based Compensation   As permitted by SFAS No. 123,  Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation , the
Company applies the intrinsic value method of recognition and measurement under Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 25 to its stock options and warrants. No compensation expense related
to employee stock options or warrants issued to directors is reflected in net income (loss). The
following table illustrates the effect on net income (loss) if compensation cost for stock options
and warrants had been determined based on their fair values at the grant date, consistent with the
method prescribed by SFAS No. 123:

Revenue Recognition   Day recognizes revenue when product is shipped, except for product shipped on
consignment. Revenue for consignment sales is recognized when the customer uses the product.
Reserves for product returns, based upon historical experience, and other allowances, calculated
based on negotiated agreements with customers, are recognized at the time of the recording of the
sale. Allowances for doubtful accounts are determined by applying historical experience with
consideration given to the condition of the economy and evaluation of specific accounts and are
recorded in selling, general and administrative costs.

Foreign Currency Translation   The functional currency is the local currency of Day s respective
international subsidiaries. Accordingly, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated
into U.S. dollars at the period end exchange rates. Foreign currency revenues and expenses are
translated at the average exchange rates for the period. Translation gains and losses are recorded
in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded in
other expense (income) in the consolidated statements of operations.

Concentration of Credit Risk   The Company s receivables are from a diverse group of customers in the
printing and textile industries and such receivables are generally unsecured. No single customer
accounts for more than 10% of net sales.

Foreign Exchange Contracts   The Company and its international subsidiaries make purchases and sales
in foreign currencies and are subject to transaction exposures that arise from foreign exchange
rate movements between the date that the foreign currency transaction is recorded and the date it
is consummated. In addition, the Company has intercompany loans outstanding with certain
international subsidiaries in their local currencies, exposing it to the effect of changes in
exchange rates at loan issue and loan repayment dates. Day periodically enters into forward foreign
exchange contracts, with terms generally of 3 to 12 months, to protect itself against such foreign
currency movements. These contracts are recorded at fair value with the change in fair value
recorded as other expense (income) as an offset to the (income) expense recognized from the
remeasurement of the hedged foreign-currency denominated asset or liability. Hedges of forecasted
transactions are recorded as cash flow hedges and are reclassified to earnings when the hedged
transaction is completed. The contract value of foreign exchange contracts was

38

Table of Contents   

$14,202, and $9,476 at December 31, 2005 and 2004.
The fair value of these contracts is a payable
of $57 and $219 at December 31, 2005 and 2004. Day is exposed to credit-related losses in the event
of nonperformance by counterparties to the forward contracts. The counterparties are expected to
meet their obligations given their credit ratings; therefore Day does not obtain collateral for
these instruments.

Interest
Rate Swap Agreement    The Company is a party to interest
rate swaps, one for  45,000 and
one for $240,000. The swaps are used to swap a majority of the Company s variable rate debt to
fixed rates. The swaps expire in December 2012 and December 2013, respectively. The Company has
accounted for the swaps as a cash flow hedge and recognizes the gain or loss related to future
periods in other comprehensive income (loss).

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   The carrying value of the Company s variable rate new Credit
Agreements approximate fair value. The fair market value and carrying amount of the 9  1  / 2 % Senior
Subordinated Debt was $8,584 at December 31, 2005, based on quoted market prices. The fair market
value and carrying amount of the 9  1  / 2 % Senior Subordinated Debt was $115,700 and $114,866 at December
31, 2004, based on quoted market prices. The fair value of the 12  1  / 4 % Exchangeable Preferred Stock
was $38,400 at December 31, 2004, based on quoted market prices. The fair value of the
12  1  / 4 % Exchangeable Preferred Stock at December 31, 2005 could
not be determined as the securities are closely held and are not actively traded. See Note G for
further information about the Convertible Preferred Stock. The fair value of the interest rate swap
was a payable of $1,696 at December 31, 2005 and a receivable of $195 at December 31, 2004 based on
quoted market prices. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, the carrying amounts of all other assets and
liabilities that qualify as financial instruments approximated their fair value.

Research and Development   Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

Distribution   Distribution costs of $12,961, $11,503, and $9,617 for the years ended December 31,
2005, 2004 and 2003 are included in selling, general and administrative costs.

Advertising   Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.

Management Estimates   The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.

C. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 

Changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003
consist of:

39

Table of Contents   

D. INVENTORIES 

Inventories as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 consists of:

E. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

The following is detail of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003:

40

Table of Contents   

The following is detail of intangible assets as of December 31, 2005 and 2004:

Estimated amortization expense for the next five years is as follows: $3,442 in 2006, $3,442 in
2007, $2,860 in 2008, $2,412 in 2009 and $2,258 in 2010.

F. LONG-TERM AND SUBORDINATED LONG-TERM DEBT 

Long-term and subordinated long-term debt as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 consist of:

In December 2005, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries completed a comprehensive refinancing of the
debt and redeemable preferred equity of the Company when it incurred $415 million of senior secured
indebtedness pursuant to $300 million of senior secured first lien credit facilities and $115
million of senior secured second lien credit facilities.

41

Table of Contents   

The
proceeds of the debt financing were used to repay $96.2 million and  16.3 million to satisfy the Company s obligations
under its existing Senior Secured Credit Facility, purchased $106.6 million in outstanding
principal amount of the 9  1  / 2 % Notes (plus accrued and unpaid interest) for $110.8 million pursuant to
a tender offer, and provided notice of redemption of the remaining $8.5 million in principal amount
of Notes to be redeemed on January 5, 2006. In connection with
the refinancing the Company recognized a loss of $8.4 million on
early extinguishment on debt.

The Company also paid all accrued and unpaid dividends on the 12  1  / 4 % Senior Exchangeable Preferred
Stock ( Exchangeable Preferred Stock ) totaling $24.8 million and redeemed 15,204 shares of the
Exchangeable Preferred Stock, or approximately 24% of the total outstanding shares of Exchangeable
Preferred Stock, for an amount equal to $15.5 million, and redeemed all of the 18% Convertible
Cumulative Preferred Stock ( Convertible Preferred ) in exchange for an aggregate payment of $106.5
million and the issuance of 1,500 shares of newly issued Class C Non-Voting Common Stock of the
Company.

NEW CREDIT AGREEMENTS  

In 2005, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into $415 million of new credit
facilities consisting of $300 million of senior secured first lien credit facilities (the  First
Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement ) and $115 million of senior secured second lien credit
facilities (the  Second Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement  and together with the First Lien
Credit and Guaranty Agreement, the  New Credit Agreements ). Net proceeds from the New Credit
Agreements were used to finance the Refinancing.

The First Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement provided for a $205 million U.S. term loan, a Euro
term loan equal to the Euro equivalent of $70 million, and a $25 million revolving loan. The U.S.
term loan and the Euro term loan shall be repaid in consecutive quarterly installments of 0.25% of
the original aggregate principal amount, if not sooner paid in full, with the balance paid on the
seventh anniversary of the closing date.

At December 31, 2005, interest on the U.S. term loan and the Euro term loan were based on the LIBOR
rates plus 2.50% (7.03% and 4.99% respectively) and interest on the revolving loan was based on the
base rate plus 2.5% (9.75%). Interest rates on LIBOR borrowings are fixed for one, two, three or
six month periods at the Company s discretion.

The Second Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement provided for a $115 million term loan. The term loan
shall be repaid in consecutive quarterly installments of 0.25% of the original aggregate principal
amount, if not sooner paid in full, with the balance paid on the eighth anniversary of the closing
date.

At December 31, 2005, interest on the $115 million term loan was based on the LIBOR rate plus 7.25%
(11.56%). Interest rates on LIBOR borrowings are fixed for one, two, three or six month periods at
the Company s discretion.

The weighted average interest rate on the New Credit Agreements (and the repaid Senior Secured
Credit Facility) for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003 was 6.99%, 5.91%, and 5.50%.

At December 31, 2005, $24,831 was available under the revolving loan. The revolving loan
included a $10 million letter of credit sublimit ($.02 million of letters of credit were outstanding at
December 31, 2005) and

42

Table of Contents   

a $5
million swing line loan sublimit. The First Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement requires a
commitment fee of 0.5% a year on the unused portion of the revolving loan.

The New Credit Agreements, among other things, limit the Company s ability to incur additional
indebtedness, liens, or negative pledges with respect to assets, make dividends, distributions and
other restricted payments on junior securities, make certain investments in other persons or
instruments, sell, lease, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of assets, enter into
sale-leaseback transactions, enter into certain transactions with shareholders or affiliates or
change the nature of the Company s business.

The New Credit Agreements also contain financial covenants, which, among other things, require the
Company to maintain certain interest coverage ratios with respect to earnings and interest and to
maintain certain leverage ratios with respect to earnings and debt and which limit the amount of
capital expenditures.

The New Credit Agreements also contain typical events of default (subject to certain threshold
amounts and grace periods). If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Company may be
required to repay the obligations under the New Credit Agreements prior to their stated maturity,
and the commitments under the New Credit Agreements may be terminated.

SENIOR SECURED CREDIT FACILITY  

In 2004, the Company issued $126,473 of Tranche D Term Loans under the $185,000 Senior Secured
Credit Facility to refinance the previously outstanding Tranche B and Tranche C Term Loans. The
Tranche D Term Loans had terms identical to the refinanced Tranche B and Tranche C Term Loans,
except that interest rates were lowered 100 basis points and were based on the banks  base rate
plus 2.50% or the LIBOR rate plus 3.50%. No change in the final maturity date was made. In
accordance with EITF 96-19,  Debtor s Accounting for a Modification or Exchange of Debt Instruments ,
there was not a substantial difference between the debt instruments, thus no extinguishment of debt
was recognized. Remaining unamortized deferred financing fees and debt discount from the Tranche B
and C Term Loans were added to the financing fees paid to the debtors and amortized over the term
of the Tranche D Term Loan.

The Second Amended and Restated $185,000 Senior Secured Credit Agreement consisted of a $20,000
5-year Revolving Credit Facility, a Tranche A    26,577 ($30,000 equivalent at issuance) 5-year Term
Loan and a Tranche D $126,473 6-year Term Loan. The Revolving Credit Facility included a $10,000
letter of credit subfacility ($125 of letters of credit were outstanding at December 31, 2004) and
a $2,000 swing line loan subfacility. If the Company did not refinance the 9  1  / 2 % Senior Subordinated
Notes by September 15, 2007, then any amounts outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility would
have been immediately due and payable. As noted above, the Senior Secured Facility was repaid in
its entirety in 2005 in connection with the Refinancing.

9  1  / 2 % SENIOR SUBORDINATED NOTES  

For the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Company had outstanding $8,450 and $115,000
face amount of 9  1  / 2 % Senior Subordinated Notes due March 15, 2008 (the  Notes ). As part of the
Refinancing, the Company purchased $106,550 million in outstanding principal amount of the Notes
(plus accrued and unpaid interest) for $110,800 million pursuant to a tender offer, and provided
notice of

43

Table of Contents   

redemption of the remaining $8,450 million in principal amount of Notes which were redeemed on
January 5, 2006.

Principal
payments on long-term debt for the next five years are payable as
follows: $12,604 in 2006, $4,027 in 2007, $4,034 in 2008, $4,042 in
2009, and $52,707 in 2010.

G. REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK 

In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150,  Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with
Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity . This statement established standards for how an
issuer classifies and measures certain financial instruments with characteristics of both
liabilities and equity. This statement requires that the Company s redeemable preferred stock be
recorded in the same manner as long-term debt. The Company adopted the statement as of July 1,
2003. Therefore, since the third quarter of 2003, the Company has reflected the redeemable
preferred stock as a liability and accrued dividends as interest expense. The adoption of this
statement had no effect on the cash flows of the Company, net loss available to common
shareholders, or the Company s compliance with its debt covenants.

12  1  / 4 % SENIOR EXCHANGEABLE PREFERRED STOCK  

The Company has outstanding $49,165 and $79,432 liquidation preference of 12  1  / 4 % Senior Exchangeable
Preferred Stock ( Exchangeable Preferred Stock ) at December 31, 2005 and 2004. As part of the
Refinancing, the Company paid all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Exchangeable Preferred Stock
through December 5, 2005, in an amount equal to $24,872, and redeemed 15,204 shares, or 24% of the
total outstanding shares of Exchangeable Preferred Stock, for an amount equal to $15,514.

All dividends are payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15
of each year. On and before March 15, 2003, the Company paid dividends in additional fully-paid and
non-assessable shares of Exchangeable Preferred Stock having an aggregate liquidation preference
equal to the amount of such dividends. After March 15, 2003, dividends were required to be paid in
cash and if not paid for four consecutive quarters, then the holders of the Exchangeable Preferred
Stock would have the right to elect two directors to the Board of Directors until the dividends in
arrears were paid. During the fourth quarter of 2004, the Exchangeable Preferred Stockholders
elected two directors to the Board of Directors. Although the Company paid its accrued, unpaid
dividends through December 5, 2005, various restrictions in the New Credit Agreements limit the
Company s ability to pay cash dividends. The Company does not anticipate that the restrictions on
payment of cash dividends will change in the near term to allow future dividends to be paid.
Dividends-in-arrears are $414 as of December 31, 2005 and are included in the redeemable preferred
stock balance. On any scheduled dividend payment date, the Company may, at its option, but subject
to certain conditions, exchange all of the shares of the Exchangeable Preferred Stock for the
Company s 12  1  / 4 % Subordinated Exchange Debentures Due 2010 (the  Exchange Debentures ).

The Company will be required, subject to certain conditions, to redeem all of the Exchangeable
Preferred Stock or the Exchange Debentures as the case may be, on March 15, 2010. The Company may,
at its option, redeem the Exchangeable Preferred Stock or the Exchange Debentures, in whole or in
part, for cash, at 102.042% until March 14, 2006 and 100.0% thereafter, together with, in the case
of the Exchangeable Preferred Stock, all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the date of
redemption, or in the case of the Exchange Debentures, all accrued and unpaid interest to the date
of redemption. Upon the occurrence of a change in control, the Company would be required to make an
offer to purchase the

44

Table of Contents   

Exchangeable Preferred Stock or the Exchange Debentures, for cash, at a price equal to 101% of the
liquidation preference or aggregate principal amount (as the case may be) thereof, together with,
in the case of the Exchangeable Preferred Stock, all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the date
of purchase, or in the case of the Exchange Debentures, all accrued and unpaid interest to the date
of purchase.

18% CONVERTIBLE CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK  

(1)
  On
December 5, 2005, all of the 18% Convertible Cumulative Preferred
Stock were repaid, including all interest due on the notes.

At December 31, 2004, the Company had outstanding $91,382 liquidation preference of 18% Convertible
Preferred with a mandatory redemption date of June 30, 2010. As part of the Refinancing, the
Company redeemed all of the Convertible Preferred in exchange for an aggregate payment of $106,550
million and the issuance of 1,500 shares of newly issued Class C Non-Voting Common Stock of the
Company. Also as part of the Refinancing, Neil Moszkowski resigned from the Board of Directors of
the Company. Mr. Moszkowski was elected by the holders of the Convertible Preferred to serve on
the Board of Directors in 2003.

The Convertible Preferred ranked junior to the Company s 12  1  / 4 % Senior Exchangeable Preferred Stock
and senior to any subsequently issued preferred stock. All dividends on the Convertible Preferred
were payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30 of each year.
Holders of the Convertible Preferred were entitled to receive an annual dividend rate of 18% plus
approximately 24% of the aggregate value of each dividend (if any) declared and paid on the
Company s common stock. If not paid quarterly in cash, annually, accumulated and unpaid dividends
were to be added to the basis of the stock.

H. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2005 and 2004,
consists of:

I. INCOME TAXES 

Significant components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, are
as follows:

45

Table of Contents   

Income tax expense consists of the following for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003:

The income tax expense differs from the United States statutory rate for the years ended December
31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, as a result of the following:

Income (loss) before income taxes includes$20,215, $20,466, and $16,464 of income from
international operations for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003. Day has not provided
for deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries because the earnings
are deemed permanently reinvested. Undistributed earnings of Day s international subsidiaries
amounted to approximately $66,234 as of December 31, 2005. The unrecognized deferred tax liability
on these earnings has not been calculated due to the complexities associated with the hypothetical
calculation. It is anticipated that Day will continue to annually remit a substantial portion of
prospective earnings of certain international subsidiaries in the form of taxable dividends. The
U.S. tax consequences of those dividends

46

Table of Contents   

will be recorded when such dividends are paid. Since the Company intends to remit earnings from its
international subsidiaries only on a prospective basis, the APB No. 23 exception will continue to
apply to the international subsidiaries earnings accumulated through December 31, 2003 and for
earnings that the Company does not expect to remit as dividends. The Company has United States net
operating loss carryforwards of $44,603 expiring from 2019 through 2024 to be used in future
periods. The Company has $690 of United States Alternative Minimum Tax credits which has an
unlimited carryforward period. Additionally,
the Company has $511 United States Foreign Tax credit carryforwards which expires in 2015.

J. BUSINESS SEGMENTS 

The Company produces precision-engineered products, specializing in the design and customization of
consumable image-transfer products for the graphic arts (printing) industry and consumable fiber
handling products for the textile industry. The Image Transfer segment designs, manufactures and
markets high-quality printing blankets and sleeves, pressroom chemicals and automatic dampening
systems used primarily in the offset, flexographic and digital printing industries. The Textile
Products segment manufactures and markets precision engineered rubber cots and aprons sold to
textile yarn spinners and other engineered rubber products sold to diverse markets.

The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note B Significant
Accounting Policies. Segment performance is evaluated based on operating profit results compared to
the annual operating plan. Intersegment sales and transfers are not material.

The Company manages the two segments as separate strategic business units. They are managed
separately because each business unit requires different manufacturing processes, technology and
marketing strategies.

47

Table of Contents   

The following is a reconciliation of the items reported above to the amounts reported in the
consolidated financial statements:

Net sales for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, and long-lived assets as of
December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, by geographic area are as follows:

Sales between geographic areas are generally priced to recover cost plus an appropriate mark-up for
profit.

48

Table of Contents   

K. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

In accordance with a management services agreement, the Company is required to pay GSC Partners and
SGCP, the controlling shareholders of Day, an annual management fee of $1,000 plus expenses,
payable semi-annually.

L. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY AND STOCK BASED COMPENSATION PLAN 

1998 Stock Option Plan  

The 1998 Stock Option Plan provides incentives to officers and other key employees of the Company
that serve to align their interests with those of stockholders. Under the 1998 Stock Option Plan,
the Board is authorized to award four different types of non-qualified stock options: (i) service
options, (ii) performance options, (iii) super performance options and (iv) exit options. Under the
1998 Stock Option Plan, unless otherwise provided by the Board, service options vest and become
exercisable in five equal annual installments on each of the first five anniversaries of the date
of grant; performance and super performance options vest and become exercisable in annual
installments based on the achievement of annual EBITDA targets of the Company; and exit options
vest and become exercisable based upon the internal rate of return of GSC Partners realized in
connection with the disposition of its investment in the Company. Regardless of the satisfaction of
any performance goals, performance options, super performance options and exit options fully vest
and become exercisable on the ninth anniversary of the date of grant.

Initially, 7,885 shares of the Company s voting common stock were authorized for issuance under the
1998 Stock Option Plan. In the event of certain changes in the Company s capital structure
affecting the common stock, the Board of Directors may make appropriate adjustments in the number
of shares then covered by options and, where applicable, the exercise price of options under the
1998 Stock Option Plan.

As of December 31, 2005, 7,437 options have been granted (of which 1,257 are exercisable) under the
1998 Stock Option Plan with an exercise price of $4,030. These options expire as follows: 5,987
expire in 2007 and 1,450 expire in 2012.

Day Stock Option Plan  

Certain employees hold options that were previously granted under the Day International Group, Inc.
Stock Option Plan (the  Day Option Plan ). In 1998, all options granted under the Day Option Plan
became fully vested and the Day Option Plan was amended to provide that no further options may be
awarded under that plan. As a result, compensation expense associated with these options was
recorded in 1998 and the remaining balance of $1,105 and $7,720 is included in other long-term
liabilities at December 31, 2005 and 2004. During 2005, 2,342.5 options with an exercise price of
$1,000 expired under the plan resulting in again of 6,640. As of December 31, 2005, there are 310 options outstanding with an
exercise price of $1,200 per share and 75 options outstanding with an exercise price of $1,000 per
share. The options expire as follows: 75 expire in 2006; and 310 expire in 2007. The Company is
currently evaluating a new stock option plan for 2006.

49

Table of Contents   

The following table summarizes activity in the Company s stock option plans:

Warrants to purchase up to 74 shares of Common Stock at a price of $4,030 per share were granted in
1998 to one of the Board members as compensation for services as a director. In 2000, additional
warrants to purchase up to 74 shares of Common Stock at a price of $4,030 per share were granted to
each of two Board members for their services. The warrants are fully vested as of December 31,
2002.

M. RETIREMENT PLANS 

The Company has defined benefit plans covering certain associates of its international
subsidiaries. Benefits under these plans are based primarily on years of service and qualifying
compensation during the final years of employment. Day uses a December 31 measurement date for the
plans.

The pension plan in the United Kingdom has plan assets consisting of U.K. government bonds. The
Company s funding policy complies with the requirements of local laws and regulations. During 2001,
the Company froze the benefits under the U.K. pension plan and settled a portion of the obligation
in

50

Table of Contents   

2003 by transferring the benefits of active associates to a defined contribution plan. The Company
purchased annuity contracts in early 2005 to settle the remaining obligations under the plan.

In conjunction with the TPO acquisition in 1999, the Company entered into a Promise to Pay
agreement with Armstrong World Industries GmbH ( Armstrong ) for the unfunded pension obligation of
TPO s Germany subsidiary in which Armstrong agreed to pay the portion of any pension obligations
that the associates earned prior to the date of the acquisition. At December 31, 2005, the present
value of the estimated portion of the pension obligation that is Armstrong s responsibility is
$3,096. The plan is closed to new participants subsequent to the date of the TPO acquisition.

Day also sponsors defined contribution plans for certain associates, which provide for Company
contributions of a specified percentage of each associate s total compensation. Certain of these
plans include a profit-sharing component that varies depending on the achievement of certain
objectives.

51

Table of Contents   

The funded status of the Company s defined benefit plans at December 31, 2005 and 2004, is as
follows:

The plan assets at December 31, 2004, consisted of U.K. government bonds. The Company had assumed a
long-term rate of return of 4.50% based on the expected interest rates to be earned on the bonds.
In accordance with U.K. regulations, the Company had been required to invest in the bonds upon the
decision to terminate the U.K. pension plan. The Company contributed approximately $2,900 to the
U.K. pension plan in 2005 to purchase annuity contracts and settle all plan obligations. The
Company also recognized a loss upon settlement of approximately $700 in 2005.

52

Table of Contents   

A summary of the components of net periodic pension cost for the defined benefit plans and for the
defined contribution plans for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, is as follows:

Future benefit payments for each of the next five years and for the five years thereafter are
expected to be paid as follows: $126 in 2006, $143 in 2007, $167 in 2008, $181 in 2009, $190 in
2010 and $1,351 in total for 2011 through 2015. The Company s remaining pension plans are
unfunded, thus the Company contributes to the plans to fund current benefit payments.

N. OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS 

Day provides certain contributory postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for
certain U.S. associates. During 2003, the Company amended the plan so that participants become
eligible for postretirement benefits if they retire on or after age 55, with at least ten years of
service after attaining age 45 and to increase the retirees  share of benefit costs. The amendments
made to the plan decreased the pension benefit obligation by $4,258, which will be amortized into
income over 12 years. Day uses a December 31 measurement date for the plan.

The status of Day s unfunded plan at December 31, 2005 and 2004, is as follows:

The weighted-average assumed rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered benefits (i.e.,
health care cost trend rate) is assumed to be 10.0% and decreasing 1.0% per year to an ultimate
trend rate of

53

Table of Contents   

5.0% in 2011 and remaining at that level thereafter. A one percentage point increase in the
assumed health care cost trend rate would have increased the accumulated benefit obligation by
$2,396 at December 31, 2005, and the interest and service cost would have been $463 higher for the
year ended December 31, 2005. A one percentage point decrease in the assumed health care cost trend
rate would have decreased the accumulated benefit obligation by $1,982 at December 31, 2005, and
the interest and service cost would have been $372 lower for the year ended December 31, 2005.

Future benefit payments, net of participant contributions, for each of the next five years and for
the five years thereafter are expected to be paid as follows: $437 in 2006, $502 in 2007, $545 in
2008, $612 in 2009, $701 in 2010 and $5,147 in total for 2011 through 2015. The Company s
postretirement plan is unfunded, thus the Company contributes to the plan to fund current benefit
payments, net of participant contributions. The Company s contributions to the plan for the years
ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 was $375 and $567.

Net periodic postretirement benefit costs include the following components for the years ended
December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003:

On December 8, 2003, President Bush signed into law the  Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and
Modernization Act of 2003  (the  Act ). The Act expands Medicare primarily by adding a prescription
drug benefit for Medicare-eligible individuals beginning in 2006, as well as a federal subsidy to
sponsors of retiree health care benefit plans that provide a benefit that is at least actuarially
equivalent to the Medicare benefit. The Company believes that the plan, as currently designed, is
not actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D and thus would not qualify for the federal subsidy
under the Act. As a result, the Company believes that the effect of the legislation will not be
material to the results of operations or financial position of the Company.

O. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

LEASE COMMITMENTS  

The Company leases a building in Germany under a capital lease. Property under this capital lease
is included in property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2005 and 2004, as follows:

The Company also leases certain buildings, transportation equipment and office equipment under
operating leases with terms of 1 to 10 years. Rental expense for the years ended December 31, 2005,
2004

54

Table of Contents   

and 2003 was $4,038, $3,413, and $2,438. The following is a schedule by year of future annual
minimum lease payments under non-cancelable leases as of December 31, 2005:

CONTINGENCIES  

There are currently no environmental claims against the Company for the costs of environmental
remediation measures taken or to be taken. From time to time, the Company is involved in various
legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. None of the matters in which the
Company is currently involved, either individually or in the aggregate, is expected to have a
material adverse effect on the Company s business or financial condition.

P. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES 

Q. RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 151,  Inventory Costs .
This Statement amends ARB No. 43, Chapter 4 to clarify the accounting for abnormal amounts of idle
facility expense, freight, handling costs, and wasted material. In addition, this Statement
requires that allocation of fixed production overheads to the costs of conversion be based on the
normal capacity of the production facilities. The adoption of this Statement has no effect on the
Company as the Company s current accounting complies with the guidance.

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 123 (R),  Share-based
Payment . SFAS No. 123 (R) establishes standards for the accounting for transactions in which an
entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services. SFAS No. 123 (R) focuses primarily
on accounting for transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in share-based payment
transactions. SFAS No. 123 (R) eliminates the alternative to use APB Opinion 25 s intrinsic value
method of accounting that was provided in Statement 123 as originally issued. Under APB Opinion 25,
issuing stock options to employees generally resulted in recognition of no compensation cost. This

55

Table of Contents   

Statement requires entities to recognize the cost of employee services received in exchange for
awards of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of those awards. SFAS 123 (R) is
effective as of the beginning of the first annual reporting period that begins after December 15,
2005. The Company plans to adopt SFAS 123(R) as of January 1, 2006
and has determined that this statement will
have no effect on the cash flows of the Company, or the Company s compliance with its debt
covenants. Net income (loss) after the adoption will be affected by the stock option expense that
was previously only disclosed. The Company will adopt this standard
using the modified prospective method as defined in SFAS
No. 123(R). Pre-tax income (loss) after the adoption will be
affected by approximately $1.2 million in stock option expense. Compensation expense for the invested awards will be measured based on the fair value of the awards which will approximate the value previously calculated in developing the pro forma disclosures in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 123. This estimate is based on many assumptions including the level of stock option grants expected in 2006, our stock price, and significant
 assumptions in the option valuation model including volatility and the expected life of options.
 Actual expenses could differ from the estimate.

R. SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

At December 31, 2005 the Company had outstanding $8,450 face amount of 9  1  / 2 % Senior Subordinated
Notes due March 15, 2008 (the  Notes ). On December 5, 2005 the Company provided notice of
redemption of the $8,450 million in principal amount of Notes and the notes were redeemed on
January 5, 2006.

S.
RESTATED THIRD QUARTER RESULTS (UNAUDITED) 

The 2,342.5 stock options that expired during 2005, expired in August of 2005. Below are restated
operating results had the stock options expiration been recorded in the 3 rd  quarter of
2005.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are properly recorded and summarized so that reliable financial records
and reports can be prepared and assets safeguarded. In addition, a system of disclosure controls is
maintained to ensure that information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported in a timely manner to management responsible for the preparation and reporting of the
Company s financial information.

Management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, assesses the internal control and disclosure control systems as being effective as they
encompass material matters for the three months ended December 31, 2005. To the best of
management s knowledge, there were no changes in the internal control and disclosure control
systems during the quarter ended December 31, 2005, that would materially affect the control
systems.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

The following are the names, ages and a brief account of the business experience for the last five
years of each person who is a director or executive officer of the Company as of March 1, 2006.

56

Table of Contents   

Name  
       
      Age  
       
      Position  

William C. Ferguson

75 

Chairman of the Board 

Sean W. Brophy

37 

Director 

Carl J. Crosetto

57 

Director 

Matthew C. Kaufman

35 

Director 

Philip Raygorodetsky

32 

Director 

Christopher A. White

40 

Director 

Dennis R. Wolters

59 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Name 

Age 

Position  

Dwaine R. Brooks

63 

Vice President, Human Resources 

David B. Freimuth

53 

Group Vice President and General Manager, Textiles and Flexographic Products since January 2004;
prior to that Senior Vice President, General Manager, Textile Products 

Dermot J. Healy

51 

Managing Director, Europe 

Thomas J. Koenig

45 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 

Stephen P. Noe

49 

Group Vice President and General Manager, Image Transfer Group since November 2003; prior to that
Senior Vice President, General Manager, Transfer Media since July 2001; prior to that Senior Vice
President, Marketing   Sales, Transfer Media since January 2001; prior to that Principal at CSC
Consulting in the Emerging Markets Practice since July 2000; prior to that Business Director at
FMC Corporation 

Brent A. Stephen

54 

Managing Director, Pacific Rim since January 2003; prior to that Vice President and Sales
Manager, Australia 

William C. Ferguson has been a director since 1998. He retired as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of NYNEX in 1995, a position he had held since 1989. Mr. Ferguson is a member of the
Advisory Board of GSC Partners.

Sean W. Brophy has been a director since 2004. He is a Managing Director and founder of Labrador
Capital since 2001. Prior to founding Labrador Capital, Mr. Brophy was a Principal and member of
the General Partner of Celerity Partners, Inc. Mr. Brophy is a member of the board of directors of
Vista

57

Table of Contents   

Cove Senior Living, Inc., Vista Cove Rancho Mirage, LLC, Robert Brandt   Co., and Rancho Cove
Partners, LLC.

Carl J. Crosetto has been a director since 2000. He retired as President of Bowne   Co., Inc. in
December 2003 after 30 years service with Bowne. In January 2004, Mr. Crosetto joined GSC Partners
as a Senior Advisor and is now a Managing Director. Mr. Crosetto is a member of the board of
directors of Bowne   Co., Inc. and SpeedFlex Asia Limited.

Matthew C.
Kaufman has been a director since 2000. He is a Senior Managing Director with GSC Partners,
which he joined in 1997. He is Chairman of the board of directors of Pacific Aerospace  
Electronics, Inc. and a member of the board of directors of Atlantic Express Transportation Group,
Burke Industries, Inc., Dukes Place Holdings Limited, Safety-Kleen Corp., Waddington North America, Inc. and
Worldtex, Inc.

Philip
Raygorodetsky has been a director since 2003. He is a Managing
Director with GSC Partners,
which he joined in 1997. Mr. Raygorodetsky is a member of the board of directors of Pacific
Aerospace   Electronics, Inc., Worldtex, Inc. and Wrightline, LLC.

Christopher A. White has been a director since 2003. He is a Director of SG Capital Partners LLC.
Previously, Mr. White worked in the Equity Capital Markets groups of SG Cowen from 1999 to 2003. He
is a member of the board of directors of Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Coleman Floor Company,
Ricerca Bioscience LLC and RNB Communications, Inc.

Messrs. Brophy and Crosetto were elected by the holders of the 12  1  / 4 % Senior Exchangeable Preferred
Stock due 2010 (the  Exchangeable Preferred Stock ). In accordance with the terms of the
Certificate of Designation of the Exchangeable Preferred Stock the holders of the Exchangeable
Preferred Stock, voting as one class, are allowed to elect two directors, if the dividends on the
Exchangeable Preferred Stock are in arrears and unpaid (and in the case of dividends payable after
March 15, 2003, are not paid in cash) for four consecutive quarterly periods. As long as the
dividends are in arrears, the holders of the Exchangeable Preferred Stock have the right to elect
two directors to the Board of Directors until the dividends in arrears have been paid. In December
2005, the Company paid all dividends in arrears in conjunction with the new Credit Agreement.
However, since the new Credit Agreement restricts the payment of dividends on the Exchangeable
Preferred Stock in the future, the Company has asked Messrs. Brophy and Crosetto to remain as
directors.

In conjunction with the repurchase of the Jr. Preferred Shares in December 2005, Mr. Neal
Moszkowski resigned as a director of the Company.

Director Compensation 

As compensation for his services as director, in 1998, Mr. Ferguson received warrants to purchase
up to 74 shares of Common Stock at a price of $4,030 per share. On January 18, 2000, Mr. Ferguson
received additional warrants to purchase up to 74 shares of Common Stock at a price of $4,030 per
share. As compensation for his services as director, Mr. Crosetto also received warrants to
purchase up to 74 shares of Common Stock at a price of $4,030 per share on January 18, 2000. As of
December 31, 2002, the warrants are fully vested. Beginning in 2003, Mr. Ferguson receives an
annual retainer of $100,000 for his services as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Brophy receives an
annual retainer of $25,000 for his

58

Table of Contents   

services as a director. None of the other directors receive any compensation for their services as
directors.

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The Company s Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Ferguson is an independent audit committee
financial expert in accordance with Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K.

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for all associates, including the chief executive officer,
chief financial officer, controller and treasurer, addressing business ethics and conflicts of
interest. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided free of charge upon request of the Chief
Financial Officer at P.O. Box 338, 130 West Second Street, Dayton, Ohio 45401-0338, or (937)
224-4000.

59

Table of Contents   

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation for 2005, 2004 and 2003 for
Mr. Wolters and the four other most highly compensated executive officers of the Company at the end
of 2005. All amounts for non-U.S. executive officers are converted to U.S. dollars at the average
exchange rate for each year.

(a) 
       
     Represents company contributions to the Day 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan ($26,436),
company contributions to the Day International, Inc. Supplemental Savings and Retirement Plan
($15,848), premiums for group term life insurance ($5,180), and automobile allowance ($5,543). 

(b) 
       
     Represents company contributions to the Day 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan ($16,481), company
contributions to the Day International, Inc. Supplemental Savings and Retirement Plan
($2,575), premiums for group term life insurance ($1,569) and automobile allowance ($5,620). 

(c) 
       
     Represents company contributions to an UK benefit plan ($51,341) and automobile allowance
($19,465). 

(d) 
       
     Represents company contributions to the Day 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan ($15,889), company
contributions to the Day International, Inc. Supplemental Savings and Retirement Plan
($1,786), premiums for group term life insurance ($765) and automobile allowance ($3,725). 

60

Table of Contents   

(e) 
       
     Represents company contributions to the Day 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan ($18,485), company
contributions to the Day International, Inc. Supplemental Savings and Retirement Plan
($5,246), premiums for group term life insurance ($1,032) and automobile allowance ($525). 

FY-End Option/SAR Values 

(1) 
       
     Based upon estimated fair market value of the shares less the exercise price. 

Employment Agreements 

Each of
Messrs. Wolters, Freimuth, Healy, Koenig, and Noe is a party to an employment agreement with the Company,
subject to annual renewals unless notice of non-renewal is given. Under the employment agreements,
each receives annual base salaries and an incentive bonus at a
percentage of plan target. The agreements also contain certain
non-competition and non-solicitation provisions. Subject to certain exceptions, in the event that
the executive is actually or constructively terminated under the employment agreement by the
Company without cause, each employment agreement provides that the executive is entitled to receive
the following compensation: (i) accrued salary, (ii) pro-rata incentive bonus for the year of
termination, assuming that 100% of the annual plan target was met, (iii) a lump sum equal to one
times base salary and annual incentive bonus target and (iv) continuation of benefits and
perquisites for one year following termination.

61

Table of Contents   

Compensation Committee Interlocks 

Since the Company does not have a compensation committee, the Board of Directors determines
executive compensation. Mr. Ferguson serves on the Advisory Board of GSC Partners. Mr. Kaufman is a
Managing Director of GSC Partners. Mr. Raygorodetsky is a Vice President of GSC Partners. Mr.
Crosetto is a Managing Director of GSC Partners. Mr. White is a Director of SG Capital Partners LLC
( SGCP ). GSC Partners and SGCP, the Company s controlling shareholders, provide business,
financial and management advisory services to the Company for an annual total fee of $1.0 million,
plus expenses. The Company also indemnifies GSC Partners and SGCP from and against certain
liabilities. Mr. Moszkowski is a Managing Director with Soros Private Equity Partners ( SPEP ).
SPEP and its affiliates are the majority shareholders of the Company s Convertible Cumulative
Preferred Stock. The Company also indemnifies SPEP from and against certain liabilities. Mr.
Wolters is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. No other officers of the
Company participated in Board deliberations regarding executive compensation in 2005.

62

Table of Contents   

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of  

securities  

remaining  

available for  

Number of  

future issuance  

securities to be  

under equity  

issued upon  

Weighted-average  

compensation  

exercise of  

exercise price of  

plans (excluding  

outstanding  

outstanding  

securities  

options, warrants  

options, warrants  

reflected in  

and rights  

and rights  

column (a))  

(a)  

(b)  

(c)  

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

$ 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1)

8,044 

3,893 

448 

Total

8,044 

$ 
     3,893 

448 

(1) 
       
     These plans consist of the Day Stock Option Plan, the 1998 Stock Option Plan and warrants
issued to individual directors as compensation for services performed. These plans were approved by
shareholders holding a majority of the Class A Voting Common Stock through their representation on
the Board of Directors. See Note L to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detailed
descriptions of these plans. 

Security Ownership 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of the
Company s Common Stock, including options to acquire Common Stock, by (i) each person (or group of
affiliated persons) known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the
outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each Director, (iii) the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the
Company s other named executive officers (as determined in accordance with the rules of the
Commission), and (iv) all of the Company s executive officers and Directors as a group. Except as
indicated in the footnotes to this table, the Company believes that the persons named in this table
have sole voting and investment power with respect to all the shares of stock indicated.

63

Table of Contents   

(a) 
       
     Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Commission and
includes general voting power and/or investment power with respect to securities. The table
includes shares of Common Stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or
exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report. As of the date of this report, the
number of such shares is 4,146.5. Exercisable options included in the number of shares above
include 450 shares for Mr. Wolters, 434 shares for Mr. Freimuth, 53 shares for Mr. Healy, 69
shares for Mr. Koenig, 100 shares for Mr. Noe and 2,808.5 shares for all directors and
executive officers as a group. The shares listed for Mr. Crosetto and Mr. Ferguson represent
vested warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. 

(b) 
       
     SGCP owns shares of Class B Non-Voting Common Stock. All other shares are shares of Class A
Voting Common Stock. 

(c) 
       
     Greenwich IV, LLC is an affiliate of GSC Partners. Messrs. Crosetto, Kaufman and
Raygorodetsky may be deemed to have indirect beneficial ownership of the 19,156 shares of
Common Stock beneficially owned by Greenwich IV, LLC by virtue of their affiliation with GSC
Partners. Each of Messrs. Crosetto, Kaufman and Raygorodetsky disclaim any such beneficial
ownership. 

(d) 
       
     Mr. White may be deemed to have indirect beneficial ownership of the 3,865 shares of Common
Stock. Class C Non Voting Shares are owned by Unione Italiana, Towerbrook, SGCP, and GSC partners 

64

Table of Contents   

by virtue of his affiliation with SG Capital Partners LLC. Mr. White
disclaims any such beneficial ownership.

(e) 
       
     GSC Recovery II, L.P. is an affiliate of GSC Partners. Messrs. Crosetto, Kaufman and
Raygorodetsky may be deemed to have indirect beneficial ownership of the 15,397 shares of
Senior Exchangeable Preferred Stock beneficially owned by GSC Recovery II, L.P. by virtue of
their affiliation with GSC Partners. Each of Messrs. Crosetto, Kaufman and Raygorodetsky
disclaim any such beneficial ownership. The Senior Exchangeable Preferred Stock has no voting
rights other than the right to elect two directors as long as dividends are in arrears and
unpaid for four consecutive quarterly periods. This right was exercised in 2004 with Carl
Crosetto and Sean Brophy elected as directors. 

Stockholders Agreement 

The Stockholders Agreement provides for the number of directors of the Board of Directors of the
Company to be such number as designated by GSC Partners and for the composition of the Board of
Directors of the Company to consist of four individuals designated by GSC Partners and, for so long
as SGCP holds 5% of the outstanding Common Stock, one individual designated by SGCP.

In the Stockholders Agreement, the Management Stockholders have agreed, except under certain
circumstances, not to transfer shares of Common Stock, or options to acquire Common Stock, prior to
the later to occur of (i) the fifth anniversary of the date of the Stockholders Agreement and (ii)
the consummation of a public offering. In addition, under the Stockholders Agreement, if a
Management Stockholder s employment is terminated, the Company shall have the right to purchase all
or part of the shares of the Common Stock owned by such Management Stockholder and the vested
options to acquire Common Stock owned by such Management Stockholder, at prices calculated in
accordance with, and subject to certain other terms and conditions set forth in, the terms of the
Stockholders Agreement.

The Stockholders Agreement creates certain conventional  drag  and  tag  rights with respect to the
shares of the Common Stock owned by the Management Stockholders. The Stockholders Agreement also
provides that at any time after the Acquisition Closing Date, GSC Partners shall have the right to
require the Company to effect up to two registrations of their Common Stock on Form S-1 under the
Securities Act and, if available, unlimited registrations on Form S-2 or S-3 under the Securities
Act; from and after a public offering, SGCP shall have the right to require the Company to effect
up to two registrations of the Common Stock on Form S-3 under the Securities Act and that the
Company shall pay all registration expenses in connection with each registration of shares of the
Common Stock pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The Company has engaged GSC Partners and SGCP, pursuant to the Management Agreement, to provide it
with certain business, financial and managerial advisory services, including developing and
implementing corporate and business strategy and providing other consulting and advisory services.
The Management Agreement provides for an annual fee of $1.0 million and contains indemnification
and expense reimbursement provisions that are customary for management agreements of this type. The

65

Table of Contents   

Management Agreement will continue in full force and effect, and shall terminate upon, the earlier
to occur of (i) January 18, 2008, and (ii) the date on which the affiliates of GSC Partners no
longer, directly or indirectly, own any shares of capital stock of the Company, and may be earlier
terminated by GSC Partners, in its sole discretion.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Fees 

The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by Ernst   Young LLP for the
years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004.

Audit fees consist of fees billed or agreed to be billed for services related to the audit of the
Company s consolidated annual financial statements and reviews of the interim consolidated
financial statements and services that are normally provided by Ernst   Young LLP in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings.

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit and not reported under  Audit fees.  This category includes
services related to audits of employee benefit plans and consultations in connection with
acquisitions.

Tax fees consist of fees billed or agreed to be billed for services rendered for tax compliance,
tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and
international tax compliance, acquisitions and international tax planning.

Policy on Pre-Approval of Services of the Independent Auditor 

The Board of Directors  policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by the
independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax
services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any
pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The Board has
delegated pre-approval authority to the Chief Executive Officer for de minimis services when
expedition of services is necessary, with follow-up with the Board of Directors at their next
meeting. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically report to the full
Board of Directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors.

66

Table of Contents   

Part IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries are
incorporated by reference as part of this Report at Item 8 hereof.

Day International Group, Inc.  
Years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

The information required to be submitted in the Financial Statement
Schedules for Day International Group, Inc. and consolidated
subsidiaries has either been shown in the financial statements or
notes, or is not applicable or required under Regulation S-X;
therefore, those schedules have been omitted.

(b) Exhibits 

See Index to Exhibits

67

Table of Contents   

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Day
International Group, Inc. has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Day International Group, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Date: March 27, 2006

By:

/s/ Dennis R Wolters 

Dennis R. Wolters 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of Day International Group, Inc. and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated.

Date: March 27, 2006 

By:      /s/ Dennis R Wolters 

Dennis R. Wolters  

President, Chief Executive Officer and  

Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 27, 2006 

By:       /s/ Thomas J. Koenig 

Thomas J. Koenig  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal  

Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 27, 2006 

By:      /s/ William C. Ferguson 

William C. Ferguson 

Director 

Date: March 27, 2006 

By:      /s/ Sean W. Brophy 

Sean W. Brophy 

Director 

68

Table of Contents   

69

Table of Contents   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

(1) Underwriting Agreements 

(3) Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws 

3.1 
       
     Certificate of Incorporation of Day International Group, Inc. ( Group ), as
amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2003) 

3.2 
       
     By-Laws of Group, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003) 

(4) Instruments Defining Rights of Security Holders, including Indentures 

70

Table of Contents   

(10) Material Contracts 

71

Table of Contents   

72

Table of Contents   

(21) Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

(31) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 

31.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer Certification 

31.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer Certification 

(32) Section 1350 Certifications 

32.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer Certification 

32.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer Certification 

* - Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement

73

<EX-21>
 2
 l17972aexv21.htm
 EX-21 SUBSIDIARIES

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 

The active subsidiaries of Day International Group, Inc. are listed below, do business under the
name under which they are organized, and are included in the consolidated financial statements of
the Company. The names, jurisdiction of incorporation of such subsidiaries, and percentage of
voting securities owned by the Company are set forth below.

Jurisdiction in  
       
      Percentage of  

Which  
       
      Voting  

Name of Subsidiary  
       
      Incorporated  
       
      Securities owned  

Day International, Inc.

Delaware 
       
     100% 

Varn International, Inc.

Delaware 
       
     100% (1) 

Day International Finance, Inc.

Delaware 
       
     100% (1) 

Network Distribution International

Delaware 
       
     100% (1) 

Network Distribution International, Inc.

Massachusetts 
       
     100% (2) 

Day International (U.K.) Holdings Limited

Massachusetts 
       
     100% (1) 

Day International (U.K.), Ltd.

United Kingdom 
       
     100% (3) 

Varn Products Co., Ltd.

United Kingdom 
       
     100% (3) 

Day International France S.A.R.L

United Kingdom 
       
     100% (1) 

Day International de Mexico S.A. de C.V.

France 
       
     100% (1) 

Varn Products Company Pty., Ltd.

Mexico 
       
     100% (1) 

Varn Pressroom Products Sdn. Bhd.

Australia Malaysia 
       
     100% (1) 

Varn International (Canada) Limited

Canada 
       
     100% (1) 

R T C do Brasil Ltda.

Brazil 
       
     55% (1) 

Day Germany Holdings GmbH

Germany 
       
     100% (1) 

Day International Group GmbH

Germany 
       
     100% (4) 

Rotec Verwaltungs GmbH

Germany 
       
     100% (5) 

Rotec Hulsensysteme GmbH   Co. KG

Germany 
       
     100% (6) 

Rotec Czech s.r.o.

Czech Republic 
       
     85% (7) 

ATPG Textile Products Group GmbH

Germany 
       
     100% (4) 

Day International (BRD) GmbH

Germany 
       
     100% (4) 

ZAO Day International

Russia 
       
     75% (8) 

(1) 
       
     Subsidiary of Day International, Inc. 

(2) 
       
     Subsidiary of Network Distribution International 

(3) 
       
     Subsidiary of Day International (U.K.) Holdings Limited 

(4) 
       
     Subsidiary of Day Germany Holdings GmbH 

(5) 
       
     Subsidiary of Day International Group GmbH 

(6) 
       
     Subsidiary of Rotec Verwaltungs GmbH 

(7) 
       
     Subsidiary of Rotec Hulsensysteme GmbH Co.   KG 

(8) 
       
     Subsidiary of Day International (BRD) GmbH 

74

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 l17972aexv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1 CERTIFICATION

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certifications 

I, Dennis R. Wolters, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Day International Group, Inc.; 

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 27, 2006

By:

/s/ Dennis R. Wolters 

Dennis R. Wolters 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 l17972aexv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2 CERTIFICATIONS

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certifications 

I, Thomas J. Koenig, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Day International Group, Inc.; 

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 27, 2006

By:

/s/ Thomas J. Koenig 

Thomas J. Koenig 

Vice President and Chief Financial 

Officer (Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 l17972aexv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1 CERTIFICATIONS

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Day International Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form
10-K for the period ending December 31, 2005 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Dennis R. Wolters, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to my knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial position and results of operations of the Company.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document
authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request.

/s/ Dennis R. Wolters

Dennis R. Wolters

Chief Executive Officer

March 27, 2006

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 l17972aexv32w2.htm
 EX-32.2 CERTIFICATIONS

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Day International Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form
10-K for the year ending December 31, 2005 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas J. Koenig, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to my knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial position and results of operations of the Company.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document
authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

