<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060331_10-K_edgar_data_944792_0000950159-06-000517_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>621772</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>491184</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1680</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950159-06-000517.hdr.sgml : 20060419
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060331174341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950159-06-000517
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060419

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED BANCSHARES INC /PA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000944792
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				232802415
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25976
		FILM NUMBER:		06730410

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 NORTH THIRD ST
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2158292265

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 PACKARD BLDG
		STREET 2:		111 S 15TH ST
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 A8/iW7qiAchhJxk3pSXG1HoQRotN7z1NGQCpJ2k3UYdkGYC24+caucBGb6MJIf8d
 i0UpmRtVAGQE8/1yUpZWPA==

 0000950159-06-000517.txt : 20060419

10-K
 1
 united10k.txt

UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

|X|
              ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005

OR

|-|
            TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                        for the transition period from
                                        to
                   --------------------    --------------------

                         Commission file number: 0-25976

                             UNITED BANCSHARES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Pennsylvania                                   23-2802415
- --------------------------------                   --------------------
(State of other jurisdiction of                      (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                     Identification No.)

     The Graham Building, 30 South 15th Street, Suite 1200,         19102
                   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
- ------------------------------------------------------------      ----------
            (Address of principal executive offices)              (Zip Code)

                                 (215) 351-4600
              [Registrant's telephone number, including area code]

       Name     and fiscal year not changed, but former address was 300 North
                3rd Street Philadelphia, PA 19106 (Former name, former address
                and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                              Name of each exchange on
                 Title of each class              which registered

                        NONE                            NONE

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, $ .01 Par Value
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act
                                     Yes [ ]  No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
                                     Yes [ ]  No [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the  Securities  and Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter  period that the  Registrant
was  required  to file such  reports),  and (2) has been  subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [ ]  No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K (ss.229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
One):

Large Accelerated filer |_|   Accelerated filer |_|    Non-accelerated filer |X|

Indicate by checkmark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined by
Rule 126-2 of the Exchange Act):
                                 Yes |_| No |X|

The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of
Registrant (including fiduciary accounts administered by affiliates) was
[_______________] on June 30, 2005. Not applicable the Registrant shares are not
publicly traded United Bancshares, Inc. (sometimes herein also referred to as
the "Company" or "UBS") has two classes of capital stock authorized 2,000,000
shares of $.01 par value Common Stock and a Series Preferred Stock (Series A
Preferred Stock).

The Board of Directors designated a subclass of the common stock, Class B Common
Stock, by filing of Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation on
September 30, 1998. This Class B Common Stock has all of the rights and
privileges of Common Stock with the exception of voting rights. Of the 2,000,000
shares of authorized Common Stock, 250,000 have been designated Class B Common
Stock. There is no market for the Common Stock. None of the shares of the
Registrant's stock was sold within 60 days of the filing of this Form 10-K.

As of March 10, 2006 the aggregate number of the shares of the Registrant's
Common Stock outstanding was 1,068,588 (including 191,667 Class B non-voting).
There are 33,500 shares of Common Stock held in treasury stock at March 10,
2006.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

                  Document         Parts Into Which Incorporated
                  --------         -----------------------------
                  None

The exhibit index is on pages 47 through 48. There are 76 pages in this report.

FORM 10-K
                             United Bancshares, Inc.
                                      Index

Item No.                                                                                                       Page

                                     PART I

1.       Business.......................................................................................        4
    1A.  Risk Factors...................................................................................       12
    1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments......................................................................       14
    2.   Properties.....................................................................................       14
    3.   Legal Proceedings..............................................................................       14
    4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders............................................       15

                                     PART II

    5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters.............................       15
    6.   Selected Financial Data........................................................................       17
    7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations..........       17
    7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.....................................       37
    8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data....................................................       37
    9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure...........       37
    9A.  Controls and Procedures........................................................................       37
    9B.  Other Information .............................................................................       37

                                    PART III

   10.   Directors and Executive Officers of Registrant.................................................       37
   11.   Executive Compensation.........................................................................       43
   12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.       44
   13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.................................................       45
   14.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services.........................................................       46

                                     PART IV

   15.   Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules....................................................       47

UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL INFORMATION IS AS OF MARCH 10, 2006.

1

PART I
                                     ------

          SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT

     Certain of the matters discussed in this document and the documents
incorporated by reference herein, including matters discussed under the caption
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" may constitute forward looking statements for the purposes of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of
United Bancshares, Inc ("UBS") to be materially different from future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward looking
statements. The words "expect," "anticipate," "intended," "plan," "believe,"
"seek," "estimate," and similar expressions are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements. UBS' actual results may differ materially from the
results anticipated by the forward-looking statements due to a variety of
factors, including without limitation: (a) the effects of future economic
conditions on UBS and its customers, including economic factors which affect
consumer confidence in the securities markets, wealth creation, investment and
consumer saving patterns; (b) UBS interest rate risk exposure and credit risk;
(c) changes in the securities markets with respect to the market values of
financial assets and the stability of particular securities markets; (d)
governmental monetary and fiscal policies, as well as legislation and regulatory
changes; (e) changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits,
loan demand, and the values of loan collateral and securities, as well as
interest-rate risks; (f) changes in accounting requirements or interpretations;
(g) the effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage
companies, consumer finance companies, credit unions securities brokerage firms,
insurance company's, money-market and mutual funds and other financial
institutions operating in the UBS' trade market area and elsewhere including
institutions operating locally, regionally, nationally and internationally,
together with such competitors offering banking products and services by mail,
telephone, computer and the internet; (h) any extraordinary events (such as the
September 11, 2001 events) ,the war on terrorism and the U.S. Government's
response to those events or the U.S. Government becoming involved in a conflict
in a foreign country including the war in Iraq; (i) the failure of assumptions
underlying the establishment of reserves for loan losses and estimates in the
value of collateral, and various financial assets and liabilities and
technological changes being more difficult or expensive than anticipated; (j)
UBS' success in generating new business in its existing markets, as well as its
success in identifying and penetrating targeted markets and generating a profit
in those markets in a reasonable time; (k) UBS' timely development of
competitive new products and services in a changing environment and the
acceptance of such products and services by its customers; and (l) UBS' success
in managing the risks involved in the foregoing.

       All written or oral forward-looking statements attributed to UBS are
expressly qualified in their entirety by use of the foregoing cautionary
statements. All forward-looking statements included in this Report are based
upon information presently available, and UBS assumes no obligation to update
any forward-looking statement.

ITEM 1 -- BUSINESS

United Bancshares, Inc.

     United Bancshares, Inc. ("Registrant" or "UBS") is a holding company for
United Bank of Philadelphia (the "Bank"). UBS was incorporated under the laws of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on April 8, 1993. The Registrant became the
bank holding company of the Bank, pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended, on October 14, 1994.

     The Bank commenced operations on March 23, 1992. UBS provides banking
services through the Bank. The principal executive offices of UBS and the Bank
are located at The Graham Building, 30 S 15th Street, Suite 1200, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 19102. The Registrant's telephone number is (215) 351-4600.

     As of March 10, 2006, UBS and the Bank had a total of 34 employees.

2

United Bank of Philadelphia

     United Bancshares, Inc. is an African American controlled and managed bank
holding company for United Bank of Philadelphia (the "Bank"), a commercial bank
chartered in 1992 by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Department of Banking and
a member of the Federal Reserve System. The deposits held by the Bank are
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). The Bank provides
full service community banking in Philadelphia neighborhoods that are rich in
diversity providing a market opportunity that includes men, women, families,
small business owners, skilled laborers, professionals and many more who value
home ownership and need banking services to help make their dreams come true.

     The Bank conducts all its banking activities through its three offices
located as follows: West Philadelphia Branch 38th and Lancaster Avenue,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, (iii) Mount Airy Branch 1620 Wadsworth Avenue,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and (iv) Progress Plaza Branch 1015 North Broad
Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In August 2005, the Bank leased, and
simultaneously subleased to a mortgage brokerage alliance, retail space on the
bottom floor of its Center City Graham Building corporate office. The Bank
placed one business development officer in this space with joint signage and an
automated teller machine. This relationship allows the Bank to have presence in
Center City Philadelphia without incurring additional occupancy expense. Through
its locations, the Bank offers a broad range of commercial and consumer banking
services. At December 31, 2005, the Bank had total deposits aggregating
approximately $63.3 million and had total net loans outstanding of approximately
$46.0 million. Although the Bank's primary service area for Community
Reinvestment Act purposes is Philadelphia County, it also services, generally,
the Delaware Valley, which consists of portions of Montgomery, Bucks, Chester,
and Delaware Counties in Pennsylvania; New Castle County in Delaware; and
Camden, Burlington, and Gloucester Counties in New Jersey.

     The city of Philadelphia is comprised of 353 census tracts and, based on
2000 census data, 204 or 58% of these are designated as low to moderate-income
tracts while 105 or 30% are characterized both as low to moderate-income and
minority tracts. The Bank's primary service area consists of a population of
1,517,550, which includes a minority population of 752,309.

        United Bank of Philadelphia, while state chartered as a commercial bank,
is uniquely structured to be a player in providing retail services to its urban
communities, while maintaining and establishing a solid portfolio of commercial
relationships that include small businesses, churches and corporations. The Bank
will leverage its CDFI (community development financial institution) designation
as established by the United States Department of Treasury to attract deposits
from entities seeking Community Reinvestment Act (the "CRA Act") credit as well
as grants and/or equity from the US Treasury CDFI Fund and other agencies of the
U.S. Government.

        Among the greatest challenges facing inner city communities is their
lack of stability and transience. The Bank represents consistency to these
communities. It takes its commitment to community development quite seriously
and recognizes that effective corporate and institutional partnerships must be
forged to truly make a difference. Bank management recognizes the potential in
these communities and knows that with the right mix of financial services,
growth will occur. The Bank will continue to leverage its community "know-how"
with the appropriate corporate and institutional partners to help ensure that it
creates economic profit by making comprehensive products and services available
and accessible through service focused delivery channels.

     The Bank engages in the commercial banking business, serving the banking
needs of its customers with a particular focus on, and sensitivity to, groups
that have been traditionally under-served, including Blacks, Hispanics and
women. The Bank offers a wide range of deposit products, including checking
accounts, interest-bearing NOW accounts, money market accounts, certificates of
deposit, savings accounts and Individual Retirement Accounts.

     The focus of the Bank's lending activities is on the origination of
commercial, consumer and residential loans. A broad range of credit products is
offered to the businesses and consumers in the Bank's service area, including
commercial loans, mortgage loans, student loans, home improvement loans, auto
loans, personal loans, and home equity loans. At March 10, 2006, the Bank's
maximum legal lending limit was approximately $1,122,000 per borrower. However,
the Bank's internal Loan Policy limits the Bank's lending to $500,000 per
borrower in order to diversify the credit risk in the loan portfolio. The Board
of Directors of the Bank maintains the ability to waive its internal lending

3

limit upon consideration of a loan. The Board of Directors has exercised this
power with respect to loans and participations on a number of occasions.

      In the area of commercial loans, the Bank has flexibility to develop loan
arrangements targeted at a customer's objectives. Typically, these loans are
term loans or revolving credit arrangements with interest rate, collateral and
repayments terms, varying based upon the type of credit, and various factors
used to evaluate risk. The Bank participates in the government-sponsored Small
Business Administration ("SBA") lending program and when the Bank deems it
appropriate, obtains SBA guarantees for up to 90% of the loan amount. These
guarantees are intended to reduce the Bank's exposure to loss in its commercial
loan portfolio. Commercial loans are typically made on the basis of cash flow to
support repayment with secondary reliance placed on the underlying collateral.

     The Bank's consumer loan program includes installment loans for home
improvement and the purchase of consumer goods and automobiles, student loans,
home equity and VISA secured and unsecured revolving lines of credit, and
checking overdraft protection. The Bank participates in an automobile refinance
program that allows customers to reduce high interest rates paid on their
automobile loans down to more reasonable market rates. The Bank also offers
residential mortgage loans to its customers through its strategic alliance with
a regional mortgage brokerage company. Other services the Bank offers include
safe deposit boxes, travelers' checks, money orders, direct deposit of payroll
and Social Security checks, wire transfers and access to regional and national
automated teller networks.

       In 2006, the Bank will introduce new products/strategies aimed at
attracting a significant level of core deposits. These strategies include the
introduction of a new "signature" savings account with a premium interest rate
and remote deposit capture services. Coupled with internet banking, these
products are designed to attract customers throughout the Philadelphia region
without the additional cost of new brick and mortar. The Bank will work together
with its Clergy Advisory Council, formed in May 2005, to roll these products out
to churches and congregations in the Philadelphia region.

       The Bank will continue to develop relationships with corporate entities
in the region that have a commitment to community and economic development in
the urban sector to ensure that the communities it serves have full access to
financial products and services. Strategic alliances and partnerships are key to
the economic strength of inner city neighborhoods.

Access to the Bank's  Website  and the United  States  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission Website

      Reports filed electronically by United Bancshares, Inc.'s with the
Securities and Exchange Commission including proxy statements, reports on Form
10-K, reports on Form 10-Q, and current event reports on Form 8-K, as well as
any amendment of those reports, and other information about UBS and the Bank are
accessible at no cost on the Bank's web site at www.unitedbankofphiladelphia.com
under the "shareholders corner" section. These files are also accessible on the
Commission's web site@www.sec.gov "

4

Competition

     There is substantial competition among financial institutions in the Bank's
service area. The Bank competes with local, regional and national commercial
banks, as well as savings banks and savings and loan associations. Many of these
banks and financial institutions have an amount of capital that allows them to
do more advertising and promotion and to provide a greater range of services to
customers including trust services and many "free" products and services with
bundled account relationships. To date, the Bank has attracted, and believes it
will continue to attract its customers from the deposit base of such existing
banks and financial institutions largely due to the Bank's mission to service
groups of people who have traditionally been under served and by its devotion to
personalized customer service. The Bank's strategy has been, and will continue
to be, to emphasize personalized services with special sensitivity to the needs
of Blacks, Hispanics and women and to offer competitive rates to borrowers and
depositors.

       To compete, the Bank relies upon personal contacts by the officers,
directors and employees of the Bank to establish and maintain relationships with
Bank customers. The Bank focuses its efforts on the needs of individuals and
small and medium-sized businesses. In the event there are customers whose loan
demands exceed the Bank's lending limit, the Bank will seek to arrange for such
loans on a participation basis with other financial institutions and
intermediaries. The Bank will also assist those customers requiring other
services not offered by the Bank to obtain such services from its correspondent
banks.

     UBS believes that a portion of the Bank's customer base is derived from
customers who were dissatisfied with the level of service provided at larger
financial institutions. Many of the national financial institutions that provide
financial services in Philadelphia are no longer headquartered in the region
resulting in a loss of connectivity with the community. The Bank plans to
further capitalize on this situation by implementing calling programs to offer
potential customers a personalized community-based approach to banking. The Bank
has sought, in the past, and intends to continue in the future, to hire business
development officers who have good relationships with desirable customers. These
personal relationships, provision of a high level of customer services, and
referrals from satisfied customers, form the basis of the Bank's competitive
approach, as opposed to advertising, rate competition or the development of
proprietary banking products, services or programs.

     In the past, the principal competition for deposits and loans has been
other depository institutions. However, now the Bank also competes with other
financial intermediaries such as brokerage houses offering investment vehicles
to the general public. Other entities, both public and private, seeking to raise
capital through the issuance and sale of debt or equity securities are also
competitors with banks and savings and loan associations in the acquisition of
deposits.

     To help remain competitive and attract a significant level of new core
customers, the Bank will introduce a premium rate signature savings account and
new "Check 21" technology--remote deposit capture. This service will allow
customers who are not located in close proximity to the Bank's branches to scan
and transmit deposit information remotely versus physically depositing paper
checks. Remote deposit capture will put the Bank on the cutting edge of
technology in the financial services arena.

     UBS will continue to be cognizant of the diversity in its market and will
continue to develop partnerships to leverage the Bank's capacity in its niche
market by skillfully targeting customers and building stakeholder relationships.

                           Supervision and Regulation

                      Regulation of United Bancshares, Inc.
                      -------------------------------------

      UBS, as a Pennsylvania business corporation, is subject to the
jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and certain
state securities commissions concerning matters relating to the offering and
sale of its securities. Accordingly, if UBS wishes to issue additional shares of
its Common Stock, for example, to raise capital or to grant stock options, UBS
must comply with the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and any applicable states securities laws, or find an applicable
exemptions from such registration.

5

The Bank Holding Company Act

     UBS, as a bank holding company, is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act
of 1956, as amended (the "BHC Act"), and supervision by the Federal Reserve
Board. The BCH Act limits the business of bank holding companies to banking,
managing or controlling banks, performing certain servicing activities for
subsidiaries and engaging in such other activities as the Federal Reserve Board
may determine to be closely related to banking. UBS is subject to the
supervision of and inspection by the Federal Reserve Board and required to file
with the Board an annual report and such additional information as the Board may
require pursuant to the BHC Act and its implementing regulations.

     A bank holding company is prohibited from engaging in or acquiring direct
or indirect control of more than 5% of the voting shares of any company engaged
in non-banking activities, unless the Federal Reserve Board, by order or
regulation, has found such activities to be so closely related to banking or
managing or controlling banks, as to be a proper incident thereto. In making
this determination, the Board considers whether the performance of these
activities by a bank holding company would offer benefits to the public that
outweigh possible adverse effects.

     The BHC Act requires UBS to secure the prior approval of the Federal
Reserve Board before it owns or controls, directly or indirectly, more than 5%
of the voting shares of any corporation, including another bank. In addition,
the BHC Act prohibits UBS from acquiring more than 5% of the voting shares of,
or an interest in, or all or substantially all of the assets of, any bank
located outside Pennsylvania, unless such an acquisition is specifically
authorized by the laws of the state in which such bank is located.

     Subject to compliance with Pennsylvania law, and, as noted above,
compliance with the BHC Act, UBS is permitted to control a number of banks.
However, UBS is required under the BHC Act to obtain the prior approval of the
Federal Reserve Board before acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of
any bank, or acquiring ownership or control of any voting shares of any other
bank if, after such acquisition, UBS would control more than 5% of the voting
shares of such bank.

     The BHC Act and the Federal Reserve Board's regulations prohibit a bank
holding company and its subsidiaries from engaging in certain tying arrangements
in connection with any extension of credit or services. The "anti-tying"
provisions prohibit a bank from extending credit, leasing, selling property or
furnishing any service to a customer on the condition that the customer obtain
additional credit or service from the bank, its bank holding company or any
other subsidiary of its bank holding company, or on the condition that the
customer not obtain other credit or services from a competitor of the bank, its
bank holding company or any subsidiary of its bank holding company.

     The Bank, as a subsidiary of UBS, is subject to certain restrictions
imposed by the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, on any extensions of credit to
UBS or its subsidiaries, on investments in the stock or other securities UBS or
its subsidiaries, and on taking such stock or securities as collateral for
loans.

     The Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Board regulations also place
certain limitations and reporting requirements on extensions of credit by a bank
to principal shareholders of its parent holding company, among others, and to
related interests of such principal shareholders. In addition, that Act and
those regulations may affect the terms upon which any person who becomes a
principal shareholder of a holding company may obtain credit from banks with
which the subsidiary bank maintains a correspondent relationship.

     Federal law also prohibits the acquisition of control by UBS of a bank
holding company, without prior notice to certain federal bank regulators.
Control is defined for this purpose as the power, directly or indirectly, to
direct the management or policies of the bank or bank holding company or to vote
25% or more of any class of voting securities of the bank holding company.

6

The Financial Services Act

     The Financial Services Act (the "FSA Act"), sometimes referred to as the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, repealed the provisions of the Glass-Steagall Act, which
prohibited commercial banks and securities firms from affiliating with each
other and engaging in each other's businesses. Thus, many of the barriers
prohibiting affiliations between commercial banks and securities firms have been
eliminated.

     The FSA Act authorizes the establishment of "financial holding companies"
("FHC") to engage in new financial activities offering and banking, insurance,
securities and other financial products to consumers. Bank holding companies may
elect to become a FHC, if all of its subsidiary depository institutions are well
capitalized and well managed. See "Regulatory Action" and "Regulatory Matters"
below. If those requirements are met, a bank holding company may file a
certification to that effect with the Federal Reserve Board and declare that it
elects to become a FHC. After the certification and declaration are filed, the
FHC may engage either de novo or through an acquisition in any activity that has
been determined by the Federal Reserve Board to be financial in nature or
incidental to such financial activity.

     Under the FSA Act the Bank, subject to various requirements, is permitted
to engage through "financial subsidiaries" in certain financial activities
permissible for affiliates of an FHC. However, to be able to engage in such
activities the Bank must be well capitalized and well managed and receive at
least a "satisfactory" rating in its most recent CRA examination. See "The
Community Reinvestment Act" below.

     UBS cannot be certain of the future effect of the legislation and
regulations, described above, on its business, although there may be
consolidation among financial service institutions and increased competition for
UBS as well as an increase in the expense of regulatory compliance.

                             Regulation of the Bank
                             ----------------------

     The Bank is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the
Pennsylvania Department of Banking and the Federal Reserve Board because the
Bank is a member bank of the Federal Reserve System. The FDIC insures the Bank's
deposits and thus the Bank is subject to certain FDIC regulations. In addition,
the Bank is subject to a variety of local, state and federal laws that affect
its operation. Below are summarized those laws and regulations which a have
material impact on the operations and expenses of the Bank and thus UBS.

Branch Banking

     The Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965, as amended, the ("Banking Code"),
has been amended to harmonize Pennsylvania law with federal law to enable
Pennsylvania banking institutions, such as the Bank, to participate fully in
interstate banking and to remove obstacles to out of state banks engaging in
banking in Pennsylvania.

Federal Reserve Membership Regulations

     Since the Bank is a member bank of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal
Reserve Board possesses the power to prohibit institutions regulated by it, such
as the Bank, from engaging in any activity that would be an unsafe and unsound
banking practice or violate the law. Moreover, the Board has: (i) empowered the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") to issue cease-and-desist or
civil money penalty orders against the Bank or its executive officers, directors
and/or principal shareholders based on violations of law or unsafe and unsound
banking practices; (ii) authorized the FDIC to remove executive officers who
have participated in such violations or unsound practices; (iii) restricted
lending by the Bank to its executive officers, directors, principal shareholders
or related interests thereof; (iv) restricted management personnel of the Bank
from serving as directors or in other management positions with certain
depository institutions whose assets exceed a specified amount or which have an
office within a specified geographic area. Additionally, the Bank Control Act
provides that no person may acquire control of the Bank unless the Federal
Reserve Board has been given 60-days prior written notice and within that time
has not disapproved of the acquisition or extended the period for disapproval.

7

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act

       The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the "FDIC Act") includes
several provisions that have a direct material impact on the Bank. The most
significant of these provisions are discussed below.

     To minimize losses to the deposit insurance funds, the FDIC Act has
established a format to monitor FDIC-insured institutions and to enable prompt
corrective action to be taken by the appropriate federal supervisory agency if
an institution begins to experience difficulty. The FDIC Act establishes five
"capital" categories. They are: (1) well capitalized, (2) adequately
capitalized, (3) undercapitalized, (4) significantly undercapitalized, and (5)
critically undercapitalized. The overall goal of these new capital measures is
to impose more scrutiny and operational restrictions on banks as they descend
the capital categories from well capitalized to critically undercapitalized.

     Under current regulations, a "well-capitalized" institution would be one
that has at least a 10% total risk-based capital ratio, a 6% Tier I risk-based
capital ratio, a 5% Tier I leverage ratio, and is not subject to any written
order or final directive by its regulatory agency to meet and maintain a
specific capital level.

     An "adequately capitalized" institution would be one that meets the
required minimum capital levels, but does not meet the definition of a
"well-capitalized" institution. The existing capital rules generally require
banks to maintain a Tier I Leverage Ratio of at least 4% and an 8% total
risk-based capital ratio. Since the risk-based capital requirement is to be in
the form of Tier I capital, this also will mean that a bank would need to
maintain at least 4% Tier I risk-based capital ratio. An institution must meet
each of the required minimum capital levels in order to be deemed "adequately
capitalized." The most recent notification from the Federal Reserve authorities
categorized the Bank as "adequately capitalized" under the regulatory framework
for prompt and corrective action. See "Regulatory Action" and "Regulatory
Matters" below.

     An "undercapitalized" institution is one that fails to meet one or more of
the required minimum capital levels for an "adequately capitalized" institution.
Under the FDIC Act, an "undercapitalized" institution must file a capital
restoration plan and is automatically subject to restrictions on dividends,
management fees and asset growth. In addition, the institution is prohibited
from making acquisitions, opening new branches or engaging in new lines of
business without the prior approval of its primary federal regulator. A number
of other restrictions may be imposed.

     The Bank is insured by the FDIC, which currently insures the Bank's
deposits to a maximum of $100,000 per depositor. For this protection, each
insured bank pays a semiannual statutory insurance assessment and is subject to
certain rules and regulations of the FDIC. The amount of FDIC assessments paid
by individual insured depository institutions, such as the Bank, is based on
their relative risk as measured by regulatory capital ratios and certain other
factors. Under this system, in establishing the insurance premium assessment for
each bank, the FDIC will take into consideration the probability that the
deposit insurance fund will incur a loss with respect to an institution, and
will charge an institution with perceived higher inherent risks a higher
insurance premium. The FDIC will also consider the different categories and
concentrations of assets and liabilities of the institution, the revenue needs
of the deposit insurance fund, and any other factors the FDIC deems relevant. A
significant increase in the assessment rate or a special additional assessment
with respect to insured deposits could have an adverse impact on the results of
operations and capital levels of the Bank and/or UBS.

     In February 2006, Congress passed the Federal Deposit Insurance Reform Act
of 2005. This legislation will merge the Bank Insurance Fund and the Savings
Association Insurance Fund into one fund, increase insurance coverage for
retirement accounts to $250,000, adjust the maximum deposit insurance for
inflation after March 31, 2010 and give the FDIC greater flexibility in setting
insurance assessments.

The Community Reinvestment Act

     The Bank is required, by the CRA Act and its implementing regulations, to:
(i) meet the credit needs of the community, including the low and
moderate-income neighborhoods, which it serves. The Bank's CRA Act record is
taken into account by the regulatory authorities in their evaluation of any
application made by the Bank for, among other

8

things, approval of a branch or other deposit facility, branch office
relocation, a merger or an acquisition. The CRA Act also requires the federal
banking agencies to make public disclosure of their evaluation of a bank's
record of meeting the credit needs of its entire community, including low and
moderate-income neighborhoods. After its most recent CRA Act examination the
Bank was given an "outstanding" CRA Act rating."

The Bank Secrecy Act

     Under the Bank Secrecy Act ("BSA"), the Bank and other financial
institutions are required to report to the Internal Revenue Service currency
transactions, of more than $10,000 or multiple transactions of which the Bank
has knowledge exceed $10,000 in the aggregate. Civil and criminal penalties are
provided under the BSA for failure to file a required report, for failure to
supply information required by the BSA or for filing a false or fraudulent
report.

Privacy of Consumer Financial Information

     The FSA Act also contains provisions designed to protect the privacy of
each consumer's financial information held in a financial institution. The
regulations (the "Regulations") issued pursuant to the FSA Act are designed to
prevent financial institutions, such as the Bank, from disclosing a consumer's
nonpublic personal information to third parties. However, financial institutions
can share a consumer customer's personal information or information about
business with affiliated companies.

     The FSA Act Regulations permit financial institutions to disclose nonpublic
personal information to nonaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes but
financial institutions must provide a description of their privacy policies to
the consumers and give consumers an opportunity to opt-out of such disclosure
and prevent disclosure by the financial institution of the consumer's nonpublic
personal information to nonaffiliated third parties. These privacy Regulations
will affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified
financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors.

Consumer Protection Rules - Sale of Insurance Products

     In addition, as mandated by FSA Act, the bank regulators have published
consumer protection rules (the "Rules") which apply to the retail sales
practices, solicitation, advertising or offers of insurance products, including
annuities, by depository institutions such as the Bank.

     The Rules provide that before the sale of insurance or annuity products can
be completed, disclosures must be made that such insurance products are not
deposits or other obligations of or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other agency
of the United States, the Bank or any affiliate and that insurance products,
including an annuities, may involve an investment risk, including a possible
loss of value.

     The Rules also provide that the Bank may not condition an extension of
credit on the consumer's purchase of an insurance product or annuity from the
Bank or any affiliate or on the consumer's agreement not obtain or prohibit the
consumer from obtaining an insurance product or annuity from an unaffiliated
entity.

     Finally the Rules also require formal acknowledgment by the consumer that
such disclosures have been received. In addition, to the extent practical, the
Bank must keep insurance and annuity sales activities physically separate from
the areas where retail sales are routinely accepted from the general public. The
Bank currently does not market insurance products.

The Patriot Act

       The Patriot Act of 2001 which was enacted in the wake of the September
11, 2001 attacks, include provisions designed to combat international money
laundering and advance the U.S. government's war against terrorism. The Patriot
Act, and the regulations, which implement it, contains many obligations, which
must be satisfied by financial institutions, including the Bank, which involve
additional expenses for the Bank. In March of 2006 the Patriot Act, which was
about to expire, was extended. The provisions in the Patriot Act concerning
anti-terrorism were extended and provisions were added to the Patriot Act to
curb certain of the criminal investigation powers that were in the original
Patriot Act.

9

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act

     The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act") stated goals are
to increase corporate responsibility, provide enhanced penalties for accounting
and auditing improprieties by publicly traded companies and protect investors by
improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures made pursuant to
the securities law. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and its implementing regulations
allow shareholders to monitor the performance of companies and their directors
more easily and effectively.

      The Sarbanes-Oxley Act generally applies to all domestic companies, such
as UBS, that file periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The Sarbanes-Oxley Act includes
very significant disclosure requirements and new corporate governance rules,
requires the SEC, the securities exchanges and the NASDAQ stock market to adapt
extensive additional disclosures, corporate governance provisions and other
related rules, as well as mandating that studies of certain significant issues
be made by the SEC and the US Comptroller General. Given the extensive number of
Sarbanes-Oxley Act rules and regulations to be finalized and implemented, the
final scope and impact of its requirements on UBS and the financial services
industry have yet to be determined.

       The SOX Act addresses, among other matters, directors' audit committees;
certification of financial statements by the chief executive officer and chief
financial officer; forfeiture of bonuses and profits made by directors and
senior officers in the twelve (12) month period covered by restated financial
statements; a prohibition on insider trading during pension blackout periods;
disclosure of off-balance sheet transactions; a prohibition by companies, other
than federally insured financial institutions, on personal loans to their
directors and officers; expedited filing of reports concerning stock
transactions by directors and executive officers; formation of a public
accounting oversight board; auditor independence; and increased criminal
penalties for violation of certain the securities laws.

       To implement the requirements of SOX Act and regulations, UBS' management
has instituted a series of actions to strengthen and improve UBS', corporate
governance practices. Included in those actions was the development of a system
designed to evaluate and monitor the continued effectiveness of the design and
operation of UBS' internal controls and procedures for financial reporting.

       These series of actions by UBS' management improves UBS' and the Bank's
Audit Committees and Risk Management Committees of the Boards, and UBS' and
Bank's structures and processes which are intended to provide tools to
strengthen internal controls, communications and disclosure of necessary
information to those who must know and use it. UBS' system of internal controls
and procedures, which are in place, are designed to capture information from all
segments of its business. At UBS and the Bank, each key material element of
their operation is subject to oversight to help insure proper internal controls
and procedures, administration, risk management and delivery of critical
information disclosures to appropriate audit and financial officers, executive
management, Board committees and the Boards of directors. UBS' management
believes that the addition of these new controls and processes has brought with
it a broader and more in depth analysis to UBS' systems of controls and
procedures and corporate governance.

Compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act

       Section 404 ("SOX-404") of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that UBS put
internal controls for public financial reporting in place to gain assurance that
UBS properly presents its financial statements and related footnotes, under
generally accepted accounting principles of the United States ("GAAP"). The
Commission has postponed the effective date of SOX-404 for companies, such as
UBS, with less than $75,000,000 in market capitalization until July 15, 2007.

       As required by, SOX-404 UBS has undertaken a project to determine (1)
what internal controls for public financial reporting are in place and (2) what
additional internal controls needed to be implemented in order to gain assurance
that UBS properly presents its financial statements and related footnotes, under
GAAP. To accomplish this task UBS has devoted such staff to assist for UBS'
management in completing the project and thereby enabling the UBS' chief
executive officer and chief financial officer to certify, in a timely fashion,
whether or not there will be any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses
in the internal controls, established to assure that the UBS' financial
statements will be prepared under GAAP.

       Upon completion of management's assessments of the adequacy of its
internal controls, its Independent Registered

10

Public Accounting Firm, McGladrey & Pullen, LLP ("McGladrey & Pullen"), will be
required to audit management's assessment of internal controls and issue an
opinion stating whether (1) management's assessment of the internal controls was
fairly stated and (2) whether UBS maintains effective internal control over
financial reporting. Based on UBS' management's assessment, the chief executive
officer and chief financial officer will then attest whether the UBS' internal
control over financial reporting is effective. McGladrey & Pullen will then
issue a report stating whether in their opinion management's assessment of the
UBS' internal control over financial reporting is fairly stated and that UBS
maintains effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2007.

     The rules and regulations, discussed above, which implement the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a significant economic impact on the compliance
costs of the UBS and all publicly held companies.

New Legislation and Regulations

The Fair and Accurate Credit Reporting Transactions Act

     The Fair and Accurate Credit Reporting Transactions Act of 2003 (the "Fact
Act") became law on December 4, 2003. Among other things, the Fact Act
permanently extended the provisions of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (the FCR
Act") that would have expired on January 1, 2004 and had prevented the states
from enforcing credit reporting laws that were more restrictive than the FCR Act
provisions.

     Specifically, the Fact Act now permanently prohibits the states from
enforcing laws stricter than the Fact Act regulate that regulate: (1) the
prescreening of consumer reports, (2) the time within which credit bureaus must
respond to consumer disputes, (3) the duties of users of credit bureau
information, (4) the information contained in the credit reports, (5) the duties
of the information providers, and (6) the exchange of credit information between
affiliates.

       In addition the Fact Act contains provisions concerning (i) how often
consumers may obtain free copies of their credit reports, (ii) the disclosure of
credit scores used for credit decisions, (iii) a consumers opt-out procedure for
exchange of credit information, that would otherwise be treated as a credit
report, among affiliates, (iv) the duty of lenders to notify consumers that
information contained in their credit reports resulted in their receiving credit
on less than the most favorable terms.

     The Fact Act also contains provisions designed to reduce identity theft and
protect the confidentiality of a consumer's private medical information.

Future Legislation and Governmental Policies

     From time to time various Federal and state legislation have been proposed
that could result in additional regulation of, and restrictions on, the business
of the Bank. As the enactment of the FSA Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act confirm,
from time to time, various proposals are enacted in the United States Congress
as well as Pennsylvania legislature and issued by various bank regulatory
authorities which alter the powers of, and place restrictions on, different
types of bank organizations.

     As a consequence of the extensive regulation of commercial banking
activities in the United States, the Bank's business is particularly susceptible
to being affected by federal and state legislation and regulations that may
increase the costs of doing business. Bank management cannot anticipate the
changes in laws and regulations and their impact on the Bank's business,
financial position and reported results of operation.

                                Regulatory Action
                                -----------------

     In February 2000, as a result of a regulatory examination completed in
December 1999, the Bank entered into a Written Agreement ("the Agreement") with
its primary regulators with regard to, among other things, achievement of
agreed-upon capital levels, implementation of a viable earnings/strategic plan,
adequate funding of the allowance for loan losses, the completion of a
management review and succession plan, and improvement in internal controls. The
Agreement required the Bank to increase its capital ratio to 6.5% by June 30,
2000 and to 7% at all times thereafter. As of December 31, 2000, the Bank had
met the required ratios by implementing strategies that included: reducing
expenses,

11

consolidating branches, and soliciting new and additional sources of capital.
Management continues to address all matters outlined in the Agreement.

        At December 31, 2003, the Bank's tier one leverage capital ratio had
fallen to 6.81%, below the 7% minimum capital ratio required by the Agreement.
However, by February 2004, the tier one leverage ratio had improved to 7.29%.
Subsequently, as a result of a re-capitalization plan including the sale of
bank-owned real estate for a gain of $1.9 million, the Bank's tier one leverage
ratio improved to 9.49% at December 31, 2004. At December 31, 2005, the Bank's
tier one leverage ratio increased to 9.47%.

       With the stabilization of the Bank's capital position, management has
turned its attention to increasing core profitability. A strategic plan has been
adopted for 2006 that focuses on growth strategies for loans and deposits. These
strategies include the introduction of "signature" deposit products with premium
interest rates coupled with alternative service delivery channels including
internet banking and remote deposit capture. In addition, the Bank has
designated regional business development officers in the areas surrounding each
of its three branches to solicit loan and deposit business. These strategies
will allow the Bank to penetrate the marketplace without adding additional
branches to its network. While expense reductions will continue to be sought,
management believes that a greater impact will be realized with increased
deposit levels and loan originations that result increased net interest income.

As a result of the actions referred to above, Management believes that
the Bank is substantially in compliance with the Agreement's terms and
conditions. Failure to comply could result in additional regulatory supervision
and/or actions.

                              ITEM 1A--RISK FACTORS

     Below is a list of the significant risks that concern UBS, the Bank and the
banking industry. The list may not be a complete listing and has not been
prepared in a certain order.

Changes in the economy could have an adverse affect on the Bank and UBS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------

     The strength of the U.S. economy and the local economy in which the Bank
operates may be different than expected. The business and earnings of the Bank
are directly affected by general conditions in the U.S. and in particular,
economic conditions in the Philadelphia region. These conditions include
legislative and regulatory changes, inflation, and changes in government and
monetary and fiscal policies, all of which are beyond the Bank's control. A
downturn in the economy could result in a decrease in products and service
demand, an increase in loan delinquencies and increases in problem assets. Real
estate pledged as collateral for loans made by the Bank may decline in value,
reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with the Bank's existing
loans. These factors could result in an increase in the provision for loan
losses.

Future loan losses may exceed the Bank's allowance for loan losses
- ------------------------------------------------------------------

       The Bank is subject to credit risk, which is the risk of losing principal
or interest due to borrowers' failure to repay loans in accordance with their
terms. A downturn in the economy or the real estate market in Bank's market area
or a rapid change in interest rates could have a negative effect on collateral
values and borrowers' ability to repay. This deterioration in economic
conditions could result in losses to UBS in excess of loan loss allowances. To
the extent loans are not paid timely by borrowers, the loans are placed on
non-accrual, thereby reducing interest income. To the extent loan charge-offs
exceed the Bank's projections, increased amounts allocated to the provision for
loan losses would reduce income.

Changing interest rates could reduce the Bank's net interest margin, net
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
interest income, fee income and net income
- ------------------------------------------

       Interest and fees on loans and securities, net of interest paid on
deposits and borrowings, are a large part of the Bank's net income. Interest
rates are key drivers of the Bank's net interest margin and subject to many
factors beyond the control of the Bank's management. As interest rates change,
net interest income is affected. Rapidly changing interest rates in the future
could result in interest expense increasing faster than interest income because
of mismatches in financial instrument maturities and/or competitive pressures.
Further, substantially higher interest rates generally reduce loan demand and
may result in slower loan growth. Decreases or increases in interest rates could
have a negative effect

12

on the spreads between the interest rates earned on assets and the rates of
interest paid on liabilities, and therefore decrease net interest income.

Government regulation can result in limitations on operations
- -------------------------------------------------------------

    The Bank operates in a highly regulated environment and is subject to
supervision and regulation by a number of governmental regulatory agencies.
Regulations adopted by these agencies are generally intended to provide
protection for depositors and customers rather than for the benefit of the
shareholders, establish permissible activities for the Bank to engage in,
maintenance of adequate capital levels, and other aspects of operations. The
laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry could change at any
time, and cannot predict the effect of these changes on the Bank's business and
profitability. Increased regulation could increase the cost of compliance and
adversely affect profitability. In addition, the Bank is currently operating
under a regulatory agreement that requires the maintenance of minimum capital
levels. Losses from operations may result in deterioration of the Bank's capital
levels below required levels and could result in more severe regulatory action.
(See "Regulatory Action" above)

The financial services industry is very competitive
- ---------------------------------------------------

     The Bank faces competition in attracting and retaining deposits, making
loans, and providing other financial services such as trust and investment
management services throughout the Bank's market area. The Bank's competitors
include other community banks, larger banking institutions, trust companies and
a wide range of other financial institutions such as credit unions,
government-sponsored enterprises, mutual fund companies, insurance companies and
other non-bank businesses. Many of these competitors have substantially greater
resources than the Bank and are able to expend greater funds for advertising and
marketing. If the Bank' is unable to compete effectively, the Bank will lose
market share and income from deposits, loans, and other products may be reduced.

Inadequate liquidity
- --------------------

     The Bank may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of its
customers who may be either depositors wanting to withdraw funds or borrowers
needing assurance that sufficient funds will be available to meet their credit
needs. While the Bank actively manages its liquidity position and is required to
maintain minimum levels of liquid assets, rapid loan growth or unexpected
deposit attrition may negatively impact the Bank's ability to meet its liquidity
requirements.

Ability to attract and retain management and key personnel may affect future
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
growth and earnings
- -------------------

     The Company's success will be influenced by its ability to attract and
retain management experienced in banking and financial services and familiar
with the communities in the Bank's market areas. The Bank's ability to retain
executive officers, management team, and support staff is important to the
successful implementation of the Bank's strategic plan. It is critical, as the
Bank grows, to be able to attract and retain qualified staff with the
appropriate level of experience and knowledge in community banking. The
unexpected loss of services of key personnel, or the inability to recruit and
retain qualified personnel in the future could have an adverse effect on the
Bank's business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Additional, risk factors also include the following all of which may reduce
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
revenues and/or increase expenses and/or pull the Bank's management attention
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
away from core banking operations which may ultimately reduce the Bank's net
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
income
- ------

>>       New developments in the banking industry
>>       Variations in quarterly or annual operating results
>>       Revision of or the issuance of additional regulatory actions affecting
           UBS or the Bank
>>       Litigation involving UBS or the Bank
>>       Changes in accounting policies or procedures

Investments in UBS common shares involve risk. There is no trading market for
UBS' common shares.

13

ITEM 1B--UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2 -- PROPERTIES

Corporate Headquarters

     In February 2005, United Bank of Philadelphia's corporate offices
re-located to The Graham Building, 30 S. 15th Street, Suite 1200, Center City
Philadelphia. On February 1, 2005 the Bank began a 10-year lease for its new
Center City headquarters location. The Graham building is located in the heart
of the Philadelphia business district, directly across from City Hall. The Bank
occupies approximately 10,000 square feet on the 12th Floor, including executive
offices, operations, finance, human resource, security and loss prevention
functions. The average monthly lease rate over the term of the lease is $15,170.

     In August 2005, the Bank assumed the remaining term from another financial
institution of a lease for retail space on the ground level of the Graham
Building. The Bank formed an alliance with a regional mortgage brokerage company
and simultaneously subleased all except the lobby in which the automated teller
machine (ATM) is located. The Bank occupies one desk in the space for the
purpose of business development/cross-referrals. The lease expires in September
2009. The Bank's average aggregate gross monthly rental is $4,858 of which the
tenant pays an average monthly rent of $3,358. In addition, the Bank pays $1,500
per month for the ATM lobby plus one third of common area maintenance.

Mt. Airy Branch

     The Bank operates a branch at 1620 Wadsworth Avenue, in the Mt. Airy
section of Philadelphia. This facility is located in a densely populated
residential neighborhood and in close proximity to small businesses/retail
stores. Management believes this branch has not reached its capacity and looks
forward to increased opportunities in all aspects of the Bank's niche
businesses. This facility, comprising a retail banking lobby, teller area,
offices, vault and storage space is currently leased at a monthly rental of
$3,843.

West Philadelphia Branch

     In August 2003, the Bank purchased the branch location at 3750 Lancaster
Avenue for $287,500. From July 1996 to the time of purchase, this facility had
been leased. This branch is located in close proximity to two major universities
and hospitals. It is comprised of approximately 3,000 square feet. The main
floor houses teller and customer service areas, a drive-up teller facility and
automated teller machine. The basement provides storage for the facility.

Progress Plaza Branch

     The Bank leases a branch facility located at 1015 North Broad Street,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Progress Plaza branch is a very active branch
with the largest number of customers seeking service on a daily basis. This area
of North Philadelphia is an important area for the Bank and its mission. The
facility is comprised of a teller and customer service area, lobby and vault.
The aggregate monthly rental for this facility is $3,875 per month. This lease
expired in October 2003. The Bank has been notified by the landlord that
extensive improvements to the shopping plaza in which this branch is located are
planned for 2006. The Bank will be relocated within the shopping plaza in a
space to be constructed by the Fall of 2006. It is currently leasing this
facility on a month-to-month basis. However, a proposed new lease is currently
under negotiation for the new location.

ITEM 3 -- LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     No material claims have been instituted or threatened by or against UBS or
the Bank other than in the ordinary course of business.

14

ITEM 4 -- SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     A shareholders annual meeting of UBS was held on November 14, 2005. Proxies
for the annual meeting were solicited pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act and there were no solicitation in opposition to the management's nominees as
listed in the proxy statement and all such nominees were elected.

     The matters voted upon at shareholders annual meeting of UBS were the
reelection of one (1) Class B director to serve a four year term and the
ratification of the appointment of McGladrey and Pullen LLP as UBS' independent
registered public accountants for the year 2004.

     The votes cast at the meeting for the election of directors, for, against
or withheld, as well as a number of absentee and non-broker votes as to each
matter voted upon at the meeting, including a separate tabulation with respect
to each nominee for office is as follows:

- ------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------
53.679% Shares Voted                             468,716.99 of 873,192.32 Shares
- ------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------
14.898% Accounts Voted                           469 of 3,148 Accounts
- ------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------

- --------------------------------- ------------ ------- --------------------
             Question                  YES       NO     WITHHOLD/ABSTAIN
- --------------------------------- ------------ ------- --------------------
       Ahsan M. Nasratullah          99.093%    0.00%        0.907%
            (CLASS B)              464,466.99   0.00        4,250.00
- --------------------------------- ------------ ------- --------------------
 Ratify McGladrey and Pullen, LLP    99.208%    0.00%        0.642%
                                   465,006.99   0.00        3,010.00
- --------------------------------- ------------ ------- --------------------

PART II
                                     -------

              ITEM 5 -- MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY,
                           RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Common Stock

     The Common Stock is not traded on any national exchange or otherwise traded
in any recognizable market. There is no established public trading market for
UBS' common stock. Prior to December 31, 1993, the Bank conducted a limited
offering (the "Offering") pursuant to a registration exemption provided in
Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933. The price-per-share
during the Offering was $12.00. Prior to the Offering, the Bank conducted an
initial offering of the Common Stock (the "Initial Offering") at $10.00 per
share pursuant to the same registration exemption.

    There were no capital stock transactions during 2004 and 2005.

    In June 2003, a shareholder of the Bank returned 33,500 shares of common
stock and 6,308 shares of preferred Series A stock. These shares were returned
for no consideration and were recorded as treasury stock by the Bank. No other
transactions with respect to UBS common stock occurred during 2003.

     As of March 10, 2006 there were 3,148 shareholders of record of UBS' voting
Common Stock and two shareholders of record of UBS' Class B Non-voting Common
Stock.

Dividend Restrictions

     UBS has never declared or paid any cash or stock dividends. The
Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965, as amended, provides that cash dividends may
be declared and paid only from accumulated net earnings and that, prior to the

15

declaration of any dividend, if the surplus of a bank is less than the amount of
its capital, the bank shall, until surplus is equal to such amount, transfer to
surplus an amount which is at least ten percent of the net earnings of the bank
for the period since the end of the last fiscal year or any shorter period since
the declaration of a dividend. If the surplus of the Bank is less than 50% of
the amount of its capital, no dividend may be declared or paid by the Bank
without the prior approval of the Pennsylvania Department of Banking.

     Under the Federal Reserve Act, if a bank has sustained losses equal to or
exceeding its undivided profits then on hand, no dividend shall be paid, and no
dividends can ever be paid in an amount greater than such bank's net profits
less losses and bad debts. Cash dividends must be approved by the Board if the
total of all cash dividends declared by a bank in any calendar year, including
the proposed cash dividend, exceeds the total of the Bank's net profits for that
year plus its retained net profits from the preceding two years less any
required transfers to surplus or to a fund for the retirement of preferred
stock. Under the Federal Reserve Act, the Federal Reserve Board has the power to
prohibit the payment of cash dividends by a bank if it determines that such a
payment would be an unsafe or unsound banking practice. As a result of these
laws and regulations, the Bank, and therefore UBS, whose only source of income
is dividends from the Bank, will be unable to pay any dividends while an
accumulated deficit exists. UBS does not anticipate that dividends will be paid
for the foreseeable future.

     The FDIC generally prohibits all payments of dividends by a bank, which is
in default of any assessment to the FDIC. (See "Regulatory Action" above.)

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

        The Company adopted a Stock Option Plan in 1998. Under this Plan,
options to acquire shares of common stock were granted to the former chief
executive officer. The Stock Option Plan provides for the granting of options at
the fair market value of the Company's common stock at the time the options are
granted. Each option granted under the Stock Option Plan may be exercised within
a period of ten years from the date of grant. However, no option may be
exercised within one year from the date of grant. In 1998, options to purchase
29,694 shares of the Company's common stock at a price of $8.54 per share were
awarded to the former chief executive officer.

The information below has been derived from UBS' consolidated financial
statements.

16

ITEM 6 -- SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Selected Financial Data

ITEM 7 -- MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         Because UBS is a bank holding company for the Bank, the financial
statements in this report are prepared on a consolidated basis to include the
accounts of the Company and the Bank. The purpose of this discussion is to focus
on information about the Bank's financial condition and results of operations,
which is not otherwise apparent from the consolidated financial statements
included in this annual report. This discussion and analysis should be read in
conjunction with the financial statements presented elsewhere in this report.

                          Critical Accounting Policies

Allowance for Credit Losses

     The Bank considers that the determination of the allowance for loan losses
involves a higher degree of judgment and complexity than its other significant
accounting policies. The balance in the allowance for loan losses is determined
based on management's review and evaluation of the loan portfolio in relation to
past loss experience, the size and composition of the portfolio, current
economic events and conditions, and other pertinent factors, including
management's assumptions as to future delinquencies, recoveries and losses. All
of these factors may be susceptible to significant change. To the extent actual
outcomes differ from management's estimates, additional provisions for loan
losses may be required that would adversely impact earnings in future periods.

Income Taxes

     Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases
of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are subject to management's
judgment based upon available evidence that future realization is more likely
than not. For financial reporting purposes, a valuation allowance of 100% of the
net deferred tax asset has been recognized to offset the net deferred tax assets
related to cumulative temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards. If
management determines that the Bank may be able to realize all or part of the
deferred tax asset in the future, a credit to income tax expense may be required
to increase the recorded value of the net deferred tax asset to the expected
realizable amount.

17

Background Summary

History

      The Bank entered a Written Agreement ("the Agreement") with the Federal
Reserve Bank in 2000 that had many ambitious timelines for the board and
management to meet. This Agreement became a motivator for the new management
team to dismantle a lack luster business model in order to keep the franchise
alive and relevant. This was a model that originally held great promise for it
was established to bring the "unbanked" into the mainstream of financial
services through affordable pricing and sensitive customer service. The
customers came and the numbers grew quickly and the franchise grew through the
acquisition of failed savings and loan branches. However, with this growth came
increased expenses through the assimilation of acquired branch locations,
people, products and the overall conversion expense.

     The Bank had quickly strayed from its model of building a customer-friendly
and affordable franchise into a franchise of transforming several branches of
savings and loan customers into the Bank's commercial platform. In 2000, the
Bank was still faced with an enormous array of accounts that had not yet been
streamlined, thus curtailing the sales capacity of the staff. In 2002,
management consolidated the Bank's product offerings to make them more
customer/sales friendly.

      A major factor that needed to be addressed by the Bank was its capital
(tier one leverage ratio). When the Bank entered into the Agreement, the Bank's
tier one leverage ratio was slightly under 5%. Aggressive strategies were
developed and implemented by moving more expensive deposit relationships
(certificates of deposit and IRA's) off the Bank's balance sheet. These deposits
were sold for a gain and thus the Bank's total assets were reduced getting the
Bank closer to the 7% capital requirement. In 2004, management continued to
implement capitalization strategies including the sale of bank-owned real estate
for a $1.9 million gain. With its current capital position (9.47% tier one
leverage at December 31, 2005), the Bank is positioned for growth.

      Another fundamental problem for the Bank's business model was its expense
profile. Major cuts were made including staff reductions and the consolidation
the branch network (from 8 offices to 3). While there was a conscientious effort
to dismantle the original business model, management recognized the positive
aspects of the model - low cost of funds, loyal customer base, and strong net
interest margins. These strengths can be built upon as a new, productive model
is formulated and implemented.

The Bank's Goals

     With the stabilization of the Bank's capital position and operating
structure, the primary focus of management is to increase core profitability and
build franchise/shareholder value. As a result of an internal assessment, the
Bank will focus on the following goals to build value:

        o        Growing and diversifying the deposit mix

        o        Growing and diversifying the loan mix

        o        Growing and diversifying noninterest income

        o        Controlling expenses

        o        Enhancing the branch network and alternative delivery options

     To accomplish these goals management will focus on the implementation of
three (3) critical strategies as follows:

o        Implementation of a Signature Savings Product--A new statement savings
         -----------------------------------------------
         product will be introduced in 2006 that will have a constant premium
         interest rate (initial rate of 3.25%). The product will be rolled out
         via a targeted direct mail campaign, newspaper advertisements, and
         distribution in church bulletins. The Bank will work together with its
         Clergy Advisory Council to generate interest in the product and
         encourage congregants as well as churches to establish "Rainy Day
         Savings Funds" at the Bank. While the introduction of this product
         will result in an increased cost of funds, it allows for the creation
         of new core customers and the generation of significant deposits to
         fund loans and/or investments. This strategy is projected to generate
         increased net interest income that will result in increased core
         profitability for the Bank.

18

o        Implementation of Remote Deposit Capture--New  technology  evolved from
         ------------------------------------------
         the introduction of "Check 21" in October 2004. This new banking
         legislation allows for expedited clearing of check deposits through
         the use of images. The Bank is currently working with its core service
         provider to implement a remote deposit capture service delivery option
         in 2006. This new technology will allow customers near and far from
         the Bank's branch network to conveniently make deposits using a
         scanner. The initial target market for this product will be religious
         organizations to allow for expedited deposit processing and
         availability of tithes and offerings. Again, the Bank will utilize its
         Clergy Advisory Council to introduce this product. Remote deposit
         capture is projected to increase the level of core noninterest-bearing
         checking accounts.

o        Hire Business Development Officers/Lenders--The Bank will seek to hire
         an experienced business development officer/lender to drive business
         to its branch network and build its loan portfolio. This person will
         "get the Bank's name out" as a critical player in Philadelphia's
         financial services arena. Substantial loan volume is projected to be
         generated by this individual. In addition, the Bank reallocated three
         (3) staff positions to become regional business development officers.
         These individuals will work to cultivate relationships in and around
         the areas surrounding the Bank's branches.

     In addition, the Bank will continue to develop relationships with corporate
entities in the region that have a commitment to community and economic
development in the urban sector. Strategic alliances and partnerships are key to
the economic strength of inner city neighborhoods. The Bank has begun to develop
these strategic alliances/partnerships to help ensure that the communities it
serves have full access to financial products and services.

     While the Bank will continue to provide a full array of commercial products
and services, enhanced emphasis will be placed on the production of consumer
products through the Bank's financial service centers (branches). Some products
will be marketed solely by the Bank while others will be offered through
strategic alliances. Some of the products and services that will be emphasized
include the following:

o             Auto Loans--A relationship with a direct marketing company will
              continue with mailings taking place at agreed upon times
              throughout the year. The goal is to attract consumers who may not
              bank with the Bank through this marketing effort and to cross sell
              other products including the opening of a deposit account.

o             Residential Mortgages--Through its marketing alliance with it
              mortgage brokerage company, the Bank's customers will have access
              to a full array of affordable mortgage products with special
              incentives. This marketing alliance will give the Bank name
              recognition in the mortgage.

o             Home Equity Loans--This product will receive heightened attention
              with the co-branded advertising in conjunction with a the Bank's
              mortgage brokerage alliance. All home equity inquiries, as a
              result of the add campaign, will be referred to the Bank.

The Bank will continue to underwrite commercial transactions as well as
participate with other banks in the region. The commercial portfolio will be
built through traditional loans as outlined:

o        Working capital lines of credit
o        Term loans
o        Demand loans
o        Commercial real estate (construction and permanent)

     Church loans and small business loans continue to be the "bread and butter"
of loans for the Bank. The Bank is working in collaborative relationships to
enhance volume. Some of these relationships include Small Business Development
Centers, religious adjudicators, the newly formed Clergy Advisory Council and
various local banks.

     Management's focus will continue to be on relationship banking. The goal is
to engage in a more aggressive marketing and advertising campaign to get the
Bank back into the marketplace and in the minds of the customers. Full advantage
will be taken of the co-branding opportunities with the Bank's strategic
alliances to increase the Bank's consumer loan business including brochures,
joint seminars, and other business development opportunities.

19

Results of Operations

In 2005, the Company recorded a net loss of approximately $269,000
($0.25 per share) compared to net income of approximately $1,647,000 ($1.54 per
share) in 2004 and a net loss of approximately $1,115,000 in 2003 ($1.03 per
share). The financial results for 2005 were adversely impacted by increased
provisions to allowance for loan losses totaling $558,000 compared to $45,000 in
2004. In addition, the financial results for the year ended December 31, 2004
included non-recurring income of $1.9 million from the gain on the sale of the
Bank's corporate headquarters and an adjacent parking lot. Without this gain,
the Bank would have experienced a net loss of approximately $250,000 from its
core operations.

A detailed explanation for each component of earnings is included in the
sections below.

Net Interest Income

     Net interest income is an effective measure of how well management has
balanced the Bank's interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities. Net interest
income, the difference between (a) interest and fees on interest-earning assets
and (b) interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities, is a significant
component of the Bank's earnings. Changes in net interest

20

income result primarily from increases or decreases in the average balances of
interest-earning assets, the availability of particular sources of funds and
changes in prevailing interest rates.

     Net interest income totaled $3,571,000 in 2005, an increase of $291,000, or
8.87%, compared to 2004. Net interest income was $3,280,000 in 2004, a decrease
of $11,000, or .31%, compared to 2003.

In 2005, there was an increase in net interest income of $54,000 due to
changes in volume and an increase of $237,000 due to changes in rate. In 2004,
there was a decrease in net interest income of $97,000 due to changes in volume
and an increase of $86,000 due to changes in rate.

     Average earning assets increased slightly to $66.4 million in 2005 from
$65.9 million in 2004 and decreased from $71 million in 2003 to $66 million in
2004. With the sale of its corporate headquarters in July 2004, the Bank
converted approximately $1.2 million in nonearning assets to liquid earning
assets. Current capital levels allow for approximately $25 million in deposit
growth while remaining compliant with mandatory capital requirements outlined in
its Written Agreement with its regulators (See Regulatory Action above).

     The net interest margin of the Bank was 5.38% in 2005, 4.98% in 2004, and
4.67% in 2003. Management actively manages its exposure to interest rate
changes. The Bank's deposit base includes many low cost core checking and
savings deposits that are not sensitive to rate changes. Thus, although there
were a series of short-term rate increases (in aggregate 175 basis points) by
the Federal Reserve in 2005, the Bank's cost of funds did not increase at the
same pace while floating rate assets including loans, investments and Federal
Funds Sold did increase.

     During 2005, the average federal funds yield was 3.29%, compared to 1.39%
in 2004 and 1.15% in 2003. During 2005, the average investment in federal funds
decreased by $762,000. The reduction was a result of a $1.8 million increase in
average loan fundings.

     The yield on the investment portfolio decreased 9 basis points to 4.30% in
2005 compared to 4.39% in 2004 and 4.81% in 2003. The reduction in yield is
primarily a result of the purchase of short-term (average 2 year duration)
agency securities in late September 2004 that were used as collateral for
quasi-governmental deposit customers. These securities had an average yield of
4.00%. In addition, some of the Bank's floating rate mortgage-backed securities
that had Treasury and LIBOR indices repriced in 2004 in a lower interest rate
environment. The yield is projected to increase in 2006 as many of the floating
rate securities repriced in late 2005 in a higher interest rate environment.

     The cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased to 1.18% in 2005
compared to 0.82% in 2004 and 1.02% in 2003.

21

Consistent with market conditions through mid-year 2004, the Bank reduced the
rates it paid on many of its interest-bearing products. Although short-term
interest rates increased in 2005 by 175 basis points, increases in rates on the
Bank's core deposits did not change at the same pace. When setting the pricing
for its deposits, the Bank generally uses the median rate paid by its
competitors in the region. Because most of the Bank's deposits are considered
core, they were not sensitive to rising interest rates and generally lag market
changes. With the introduction of its new signature savings account in 2006
(minimum initial rate of 3.25%), the Bank is projecting an increase in its cost
of funds to 1.98%. While increasing, this cost of funds remains below the Bank's
peer group average cost of funds of 2.50%.

Provision for Loan Losses

     The provision for loan losses is based on management's estimate of the
amount needed to maintain an adequate allowance for loan losses. This estimate
is based on the review of the loan portfolio, the level of net credit losses,
past loan loss experience, the general economic outlook and other factors
management feels are appropriate.

     The net provision for loan losses charged against earnings in 2005 was
$558,000 compared to $45,000 in 2004 and $565,000 in 2003. The increase in the
provision in 2005 was due to a review and analysis of the Bank's loan portfolio
and an increase in the level of classified loans and charge-offs during the
year. The Bank charged-off the un-guaranteed portion of three (3) Small Business
Administration ("SBA") loans totaling $107,000. The un-guaranteed portion of the
loans ranged between 10 and 25 percent of the outstanding loan balances. The
Bank also charged-off the guaranteed portion of two (2) of these loans totaling
$187,000 because of the unlikely collection from the SBA. In addition, the Bank
charged-off forty-seven (47) loans totaling $368,000 related to an improperly
administered mirco-loan fund in which it was a participant.

     The Bank made net provisions to the allowance totaling $45,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2004. The level of required provision was reduced by the
recovery of $265,000 related to one previously charged-off commercial loan.

     In 2003, the Bank made provisions for loan losses totaling $565,000. This
level of provision was required because of the charge off of $710,000 that
represented the non-SBA guaranteed portion of a loan to one borrower in the
telecommunications industry. Severe financial difficulties experienced by the
borrower made the full collection of this loan uncertain. In 2003, loans to this
borrower totaled $1.3 million. In 2005, the Bank collected the guaranteed
portion of the loans that totaled $569,000.

     The Bank continues to monitor its credit quality very closely by working
with borrowers in an effort to identify and control credit risk. Systematic
provisions are made to the allowance for loan losses to cover potential losses
related to the Bank's classified loans. Management believes the level of the
allowance for loan losses is adequate as of December 31, 2005.

Noninterest Income

     Noninterest income decreased $2,072,000 in 2005 compared to 2004 and
increased $1,764,000 in 2004 compared to 2003. In connection with its 2004
re-capitalization plan, the Bank sold bank-owned real estate including a remote
bank-owned parking lot and its corporate headquarters building located at 300 N.
Third Street. The sale of these assets resulted in a non-recurring gain of
approximately $1,874,000 million in 2004.

     The amount of the Bank's noninterest income also reflects the volume of
transactional and other accounts handled by the Bank and includes such fees and
charges as low balance account charges, overdrafts, account analysis, and other
customer service fees. During 2005, customer service fees declined by $171,000,
or 20.03%, compared to 2004. In 2005, there was a $1.6 million decline in the
Bank's average noninterest bearing demand deposits that resulted in less
overdraft fees, activity service charges and low balance fees. Also, in December
2003, to avoid the necessity to escheat the balances of inactive customer
accounts, the Bank made an extensive effort to contact customers to re-activate
their accounts. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania requires that accounts that are
inactive for five years or more be closed and escheated to the state. This
resulted in a reduction in ongoing activity/dormant account service charges
beginning in 2004.

     During 2005, surcharge income on the Bank's ATM network declined by
$28,000, or 4.63%, compared to 2004.

22

Some of the Bank's ATMs have experienced a drop in volume as competitors placed
machines in close proximity to existing high volume ATMs of the Bank and several
of the Bank's high volume ATM's were replaced with those of competitors that
paid significantly higher transactional fees to site owners. Management
continues to seek potentially high volume locations to place machines.

     In 2002, the Bank began developing a new core line of business--serving as
arranger/agent for loan syndications for four major corporations throughout the
country. In this capacity, the Bank syndicates back-up lines/letters of credit
with other minority banks throughout the country for the corporations for which
it receives agent fees. In 2005 these fees totaled $202,000 compared to $178,000
and $85,000 in 2004 and 2003, respectively. These fees will be received annually
for the administration of the credit facilities. Management plans to continue to
develop this core line of business to generate fee income to support the Bank's
profitability goals.

Noninterest Expense

      Noninterest expense decreased $379,000, or 7.23%, in 2005 compared to 2004
and decreased $488,000, or 8.52% in 2004 compared to 2003.

        Salaries and benefits decreased $105,000, or 5.42% in 2005 compared to
2004 and decreased $269,000, or 12.21%, in 2004 compared to 2003. As part of the
Bank's continued effort to reduce/control expenses, there have been strategic
reductions in staff and job consolidations. Also, in conjunction with the
closure of its Two Penn Center branch office in July 2004, there was attrition
and layoffs that resulted in staff reductions. Management continues its review
of its staffing model to ensure the Bank is operating with the most efficient
organizational structure.

     Occupancy and equipment expense decreased approximately $108,000, or 9.79%,
compared to 2004 and decreased $122,000, or 9.97%, in 2004 compared to 2003.
Management continued the implementation of strategies to reduce its occupancy
expense including the closure/consolidation of its Two Penn Center Center City
branch office in 2004. The cost of the lease was scheduled to double at
expiration. As part of the Bank's profit restoration plan, upon expiration of
the lease in July 2004, this branch was closed and consolidated with other
branches in the network to further reduce operating costs. In addition, there
was a reduction in depreciation expense related to the Two Penn Center branch
office for which leasehold-related improvements and furniture became fully
depreciated. The Bank realized a full year expense benefit in 2005 related to
the closure of this branch.

     Also contributing to the reduction in occupancy expense was the sale of the
Bank's corporate headquarters in July 2004. This building was sold to generate
gains as part of the Bank's re-capitalization plan. The sale of the building
resulted in a reduction in property taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance,
and depreciation expense on leasehold improvements associated with the building.
In February 2005, the Bank began the lease of its new corporate headquarters on
a 10,000 square foot floor of a full service high rise office building located
in center city Philadelphia.

     Office operations and supplies expense decreased by $67,000, or 16.18%, in
2005 compared to 2004 and decreased $41,000, or 9.11%, in 2004 compared to 2003.
In conjunction with the closure/consolidation of the Bank's Two Penn Center
financial service center in July 2004, reductions were experienced in this
category of expense including security guards, supplies and other costs
associated with branch operations.

     Marketing and public relations expense increased by $18,000, or 21.5%, in
2005 compared to 2004 and decreased by $31,000, or 27.21% in 2004 compared to
2003. In April 2005, the Bank engaged a public relations firm to assist with
re-acquainting the leaders in the Philadelphia region with the services of the
Bank in effort to stimulate business development activity. Activities of this
firm yielded in excess of $1 million in new deposit balances in 2005. Management
will continue to seek cost-effective methods to sell its brand and products
including the use of co-branded marketing materials with its strategic alliances
and advertising in community-based newspapers and church bulletins.

     Professional services increased by $26,000, or 11.06%, in 2005 compared to
2004 and increased $18,000, or 8.28%, in 2004 compared to 2003. The increase in
2005 is primarily related to the use of consultants to assist the Bank with the
preparation of a five-year strategic plan. In addition, the Bank used external
consultants to assist with disaster recovery testing and penetration testing
associated with its computer systems. In 2004, the Bank used consultants for
human resource-related matters including the development of a new employee
performance management system and

23

compensation/contract review for the Bank's two executive officers. Also, in
October 2004, the Bank engaged two business development consultants to assist
with developing loans and deposits for the Bank.

     Data processing expenses are a result of the management decision to
outsource a majority of its data processing operations to third party
processors. Such expenses are reflective of the high level of accounts being
serviced for which the Bank is charged a per account charge by processors. The
Bank experiences a higher level of data processing expenses relative to its peer
group because of the nature of its deposit base--low average balance and high
transaction volume. In addition, the Bank uses outside loan servicing companies
to service its mortgage, credit card, and student loan portfolios.

     Data processing expenses decreased by $155,000, or 27.61%, in 2005 compared
to 2004 and decreased $99,000, or 15.00%, in 2004 compared to 2003. The
reduction in 2005 is primarily a result of a decline in processing costs
associated with the Bank's automated teller machine network because of fewer
machines in service as well as a contract re-negotiation with its service
provider. In addition, the Bank experienced a reduction the in monthly
processing cost of its core processor, FISERV, as a result of the removal of
closed deposit accounts from the account database as well as a line-by-line
review of the invoice to identify other areas of savings.

     The decline in 2004 is primarily the result of the conversion/consolidation
of the consumer loan account processing (previously outsourced to EDS) with its
core vendor, FISERV. This conversion resulted in a monthly savings of
approximately $6,000. The Bank continues to study methods by which it may
further reduce its data processing cost including the consolidation of its
mortgage loan service providers in 2006.

     Federal deposit insurance premiums were $113,000 in 2005, $72,000 in 2004,
and $34,000 in 2003. FDIC insurance premiums are applied to all financial
institutions based on a risk based premium assessment system. Under this system,
bank strength is based on three factors: 1) asset quality, 2) capital strength,
and 3) management. Premium assessments are then assigned based on the
institution's overall rating, with the stronger institutions paying lower rates.
The Bank's assessment was based on 1.96 basis points for BIF (Bank Insurance
Fund) assessable deposits and SAIF (Savings Insurance Fund) assessable deposits.
By typical regulatory guidelines the Bank is considered "well" capitalized,
however, because it is operating with a Written Agreement (Refer to "Regulatory
Action" above), it is only considered to be "adequately" capitalized. The
increase during 2005, is a result of the perceived risk associated with the
Bank's operating losses.

     All other expenses are reflective of the general cost to do business and
compete in the current regulatory environment and maintenance of adequate
insurance coverage.

24

FINANCIAL CONDITION

                            Sources and Uses of Funds

     The Bank's financial condition can be evaluated in terms of trends in its
sources and uses of funds. The comparison of average balances in Table 3 below
indicates how the Bank has managed these elements. Average funding uses
increased $493,000, or 0.75% in 2005 compared to 2004 and decreased
approximately $4.5 million, or 6.37%, in 2004 compared to 2003.

Investment Securities and Other Short-Term Investments

     The Bank's investment portfolio is classified as either held-to-maturity or
available-for-sale. Investments classified as held-to-maturity are carried at
amortized cost and are those securities the Bank has both the intent and ability
to hold to maturity. Investments classified as available-for-sale are those
investments the Bank intends to hold for an indefinite amount of time, but not
necessarily to maturity, and are carried at fair value, with the unrealized
holding gains and losses reported as a component of shareholders' equity on the
balance sheet.

     Average investment securities, decreased by $273,000, or 2.14%, in 2005
compared to 2004, and decreased $3.1 million, or 19.60%, in 2004 to 2003. The
decrease in investments was primarily a result of paydowns in the Bank's
mortgage-backed securities portfolio.

        The Bank's current investment portfolio primarily consists of
mortgage-backed pass-through agency securities and other government-sponsored
agency securities. The Bank does not invest in high-risk securities or complex
structured notes. As reflected in Table 4 below, the average maturity of the
portfolio is 3.25 years compared to 3.07 years in 2004. In the current rising
interest rate environment, the duration of the investment portfolio is slightly
extended because of the reduction in the prepayment speed on the Bank's
mortgage-backed security portfolio.

        At December 31, 2005, approximately 48% of the portfolio consists of
mortgage-backed pass-through securities that have longer-term contractual
maturities but are sometimes paid off/down before maturity or have repricing
characteristics that occur before final maturity. The Bank has attempted to
minimize the repayment risk (risk of very fast or very slow repayment)
associated with these types of securities by investing primarily in a number of
seasoned mortgage pools for

25

which there is a repayment history. This history better enables the Bank to
project the repayment speeds of these pools. In addition, the Bank has minimized
the interest rate risk associated with these mortgage-backed securities by
investing in a variety of pools, many of which have variable rates with indices
that track closely with the current interest rate environment. Because customers
are less likely to refinance in the current rising interest rate environment,
the prepayment speed decreased on this component of the portfolio. The constant
one year prepayment rate (CPR) at December 31, 2005 was 20.60% compared to
24.06% at December 31, 2004. This translates into 20.60% of the mortgage-backed
pools repaying on an annual basis. This results in less monthly cash flow than
was received in 2004.

         The Bank will continue to take steps to control the level of
optionality in the portfolio by identifying replacement loans or securities that
diversify risk and provide some level of monthly cashflow to be reinvested in
the projected current rising rate environment.

The above table sets forth the maturities of investment securities at December
31, 2005 and the weighted average yields of such securities (calculated on the
basis of the cost and effective yields weighted for the scheduled maturity of
each security).

Loans

      Average loans increased approximately $1,824,000, or 3.96%, in 2005
compared to 2004 and increased $869,000, or 1.92%, in 2004 compared to 2003.
During 2005, the Bank funded $12 million in new commercial loans. However,
growth in the loan portfolio was offset by payoffs of some large loan
participations the Bank had with other financial institutions. In addition, the
Bank's mortgage loan portfolio declined by $3.1 million as a result of customers
with adjustable rate loans refinancing into fixed rate mortgages to avoid the
negative impact of interest rate increases that occurred during the year.

     The Bank has developed relationships with other financial institutions in
the region with which it participates in loans as a strategy to grow its
commercial loan portfolio. This strategy continues to be utilized while the Bank
enhances it own business development capacity. Approximately $1.6 million in
commercial loan participations were booked during 2005. Most of these
participations were secured by commercial real estate.

      To increase the level of loan originations management will add a business
development officer/lender and retail sales manager to its staff in 2006. In
addition, three (3) existing staff positions will be re-allocated to business
development. Individuals in these positions will drive loan and deposit growth
for the Bank.

      The Bank's loan-to-deposit ratio at December 31, 2005 was 72.8%---slightly
lower than 2004 at 73.6%. The target loan-to-deposit ratio is 75%. This level
would allow the Bank to optimize interest income on earning assets while
maintaining adequate liquidity. The decrease in this ratio is the result of a
slightly larger deposit base.

      As reflected in Table 5 below, the Bank's loan portfolio is heavily
concentrated in commercial real estate loans that comprise approximately $25.8
million, or 55.60%, of total loans. Of the $12 million in 2005 of new commercial
loan originations, $8.4 million were commercial real estate transactions,
including $3.8 million in loans made to religious organizations. The Bank also
continued to fund construction financing from prior year's loan originations.
Continued payoffs resulted in a reduction of the residential mortgage loan
component of the portfolio from $10.6 million at December 31, 2004 to $7.5
million at December 31, 2005.

26

In January 2005, the Bank sold $1,412,000 of its student loan portfolio
and recorded a gain of $25,000. At December 31, 2004, these loans were recorded
as held-for-sale. In December 2005, the Bank sold $363,000 of its student loan
portfolio and recorded a gain of $6,000. These loans were sold to provide
liquidity for the funding of higher yielding less costly to service commercial
loans. Student loans are typically held in the consumer loan portfolio.

      As reflected in Table 6 below, approximately 54.08% of the Bank's loan
portfolio have scheduled maturities or reprice in five years or more. This
position is largely a result of the Bank's relatively high level of residential
mortgage loans and the typical five to seven year balloon structure of the
commercial real estate portfolio. While scheduled maturities and repricing
exceed five years, the actual duration of the portfolio may be much shorter
because of changes in market conditions and refinancing activity.

Nonperforming Loans

     Table 7 reflects the Bank's nonperforming and restructured loans for the
last five years. The Bank generally determines a loan to be "nonperforming" when
interest or principal is past due 90 days or more. If it otherwise appears
doubtful that the loan will be repaid, management may consider the loan to be
nonperforming before the lapse of 90 days. The Bank's policy is to charge off
unsecured loans after 90 days past due. Interest on nonperforming loans ceases
to accrue except for loans that are well collateralized and in the process of
collection. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual, previously accrued and unpaid
interest is reversed out of income unless adequate collateral from which to
collect the principal of, and interest on, the loan appears to be available.

27

At December 31, 2005, nonaccrual loans totaled $683,000 compared to
$1,366,000 at December 31, 2004. The decrease in 2005 is primarily related to
the $569,000 collection of the SBA guaranteed portion of one problem loan and
the charge-off of $294,000 related to three (3) other SBA guaranteed loans for
which collection is uncertain. At December 31, 2005, $191,000 of the Bank's
nonaccrual loans carried some level of guarantee from the SBA that provide
credit enhancement to these loans.

       The balance of impaired loans was $386,000 and $1,034,000 at of December
31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The Bank identifies a loan as impaired when it
is probable that interest and principal will not be collected according to the
contractual terms of the loan agreement. The allowance for loan loss associated
with these loans was $113,000 and $259,000 at December 31, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. In February 2006, the Bank reached a compromise agreement with the
borrower on one real estate secured impaired loan totaling $127,000. The
borrower has entered an agreement of sale for $185,000 on the underlying
collateral property for which the Bank has received a deposit of $50,000. Full
collection of principal balance is expected by April 1, 2006.

      Interest income recognized on impaired loans in 2005 was $37,000. There
was no interest recognized on impaired loans in 2004. The Bank recognizes income
on impaired loans under the cash basis when the loans are both current and the
collateral on the loan is sufficient to cover the outstanding obligation to the
Bank. If these factors do not exist, the Bank will not recognize income on such
loans.

     From time to time, management will modify or restructure the terms of
certain loans to provide relief to borrowers. Restructured loans are those loans
whose terms have been modified because of deterioration in the financial
condition of a borrower to provide for a reduction of either interest or
principal, regardless of whether such loans are secured or unsecured and
regardless of whether such credits are guaranteed by the government or by
others. As of December 31, 2005, the Bank had $554,000 in restructured loans.

      There is no known information about possible credit problems other than
those classified as nonaccrual or impaired that causes management to be
uncertain as to the ability of any borrower to comply with present loan terms.

     The Bank grants commercial, residential, and consumer loans to customers
primarily located in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania and surrounding counties
in the Delaware Valley. Although the Bank has a diversified loan portfolio, its
debtors' ability to honor their contracts is influenced by the region's economy.

     At December 31, 2005, approximately 25% of the commercial loan portfolio of
the Bank was concentrated in loans

28

made to religious organizations. From inception, the Bank has received support
in the form of investments and deposits and has developed strong relationships
with the Philadelphia region's religious community. Loans made to these
organizations were primarily for expansion and repair of church facilities. At
December 31, 2005, none of these loans were nonperforming.

Allowance for Loan Losses

    The allowance for loan losses reflects management's continuing evaluation of
the loan portfolio, assessment of economic conditions, the diversification and
size of the portfolio, adequacy of collateral, past and anticipated loss
experience, and the amount and quality of nonperforming loans. Table 8 below
presents the allocation of loan losses by major category for the past five
years. The specific allocations in any particular category may prove to be
excessive or inadequate and consequently may be reallocated in the future to
reflect then current conditions.

        The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans was 1.02%
at December 31, 2005 compared to 1.28% at December 31, 2004. The decline in this
ratio is a result of charge-offs and a reduction in the level of classified
loans. In 2005, the Bank charged-off the un-guaranteed portion of three (3) SBA
loans totaling $107,000. The Bank also charged-off the guaranteed portion of two
(2) of these loans totaling $187,000 because of the unlikely collection from the
SBA. In addition, the Bank charged-off forty-seven (47) loans totaling $368,000
related to an improperly administered mirco-loan fund in which it was a
participant.

     As a result of the charge-offs and the $569,000 collection from the SBA of
the guaranteed portion of a problem loan, the level of classified loans
significantly declined in 2005. At December 31, 2005, the Bank's classified
loans totaled $694,000, or 1.50% of total loans, compared to $1.2 million, or
2.50%, of total loans at December 31, 2004. Approximately $191,000 of the Bank's
classified loans are guaranteed by the SBA.

        The Bank continues to proactively monitor its credit quality while
working with borrowers in an effort to identify and control credit risk.

Table 8--Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses

Management believes that the allowance for loan losses is adequate. While
management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future
additions may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions. In addition,
various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process,
periodically review the Bank's allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may
require the Bank to recognize additions to the allowance based on their
judgments of information available to them at the time of the examination.

29

Table 9--Analysis of Allowance for Loan Losses

The amount charged to operations and the related balance in the allowance
for loan losses are based upon the periodic evaluations of the loan portfolio by
management. These evaluations consider several factors, including, but not
limited to, general economic conditions, loan portfolio composition, prior loan
loss experience, and management's estimate of future potential losses.

Deposits

      Average deposits declined approximately $1.6 million, or 2.41%, in 2005
compared to 2004 and declined $6.3 million, or 8.72%, in 2004 compared to 2003.
One of the primary areas of decline was in demand deposit accounts that
decreased on average by $1.6 million, or 10.05%, compared to 2004. This decrease
was primarily related to one significant deposit relationship with a
quasi-governmental organization that converted its deposit relationship from a
noninterest bearing checking account to certificates of deposit for which there
was a corresponding increase in the average balance.

     The Bank also experienced a decline of $1.6 million, or 8.69%, in its
average savings deposits during 2005. In July 2004, the Bank closed its 2 Penn
Center Office located in Center City Philadelphia. The closure of this branch
resulted in some savings passbook account attrition. Because passbook customers
must physically enter the branch to complete transactions, electronic banking
alternatives including ATMs and e-banking could not be used to help retain the
savings account deposits.

      Current capital levels allow for approximately $25 million in deposit
growth and still remain compliant with mandatory capital requirements outlined
in its Written Agreement with its regulators (See Regulatory Action above).

30

The Bank is in the process of implementing business development strategies
including a signature savings account and remote deposit capture to increase the
level of core deposits. In addition, the Bank will leverage the strategic
partnerships/alliances it has developed to cross-sell its products and services.

                  Table 10--Average Deposits by Class and Rate

Other Borrowed Funds

     The Bank did not borrow funds during 2005. Generally, the level of other
borrowed funds is dependent on many items such as loan growth, deposit growth,
customer collateral/security requirements and interest rates paid for these
funds. The Bank's liquidity has been enhanced by loan paydowns/payoffs and
called investment securities--thereby, reducing the need to borrow.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

    The Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in
the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers.
These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and letters of
credit, which are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the
performance of an obligation of a customer to a third party. Both arrangements
have credit risk essentially the same as that involved in extending loans and
are subject to the Bank's normal credit policies. Collateral may be obtained
based on management's assessment of the customer. The Bank's exposure to credit
loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial
instruments is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments.

    Summaries of the Bank's financial instrument commitments are as follows:

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long
as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract and unused
credit card lines. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without
being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent
future cash requirements. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or
other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.

31

Liquidity and Interest Rate Sensitivity Management

     The primary functions of asset/liability management are to assure adequate
liquidity and maintain appropriate balance between interest-sensitive earning
assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Liquidity management involves the
ability to meet cash flow requirements of customers who may be either depositors
wanting to withdraw funds or borrowers needing assurance that sufficient funds
will be available to meet their credit needs. Interest rate sensitivity
management seeks to avoid fluctuating net interest margins and enhance
consistent growth of net interest income through periods of changing interest
rates.

     The Bank is required to maintain minimum levels of liquid assets as defined
by Federal Reserve Board ("FRB") regulations. This requirement is evaluated in
relation to the composition and stability of deposits; the degree and trend of
reliance on short-term, volatile sources of funds, including any undue reliance
on particular segments of the money market or brokered deposits; any difficulty
in obtaining funds; and the liquidity provided by securities and other assets.
In addition, consideration is given to the nature, volume and anticipated use of
commitments; the adequacy of liquidity and funding policies and practices,
including the provision for alternate sources of funds; and the nature and trend
of off-balance-sheet activities. As of December 31, 2005, management believes
the Bank's liquidity is satisfactory and in compliance with FRB regulations.

     The Bank's principal sources of asset liquidity include investment
securities consisting primarily of U.S. Government and agency issues,
particularly those of shorter maturities, and mortgage-backed securities with
monthly repayments of principal and interest. There are no securities maturing
in one year or less. However, other types of assets such as federal funds sold,
as well as maturing loans, are sources of liquidity. At December 31, 2005,
approximately $8.2 million in loans are scheduled to mature within one year.

     The Bank's overall liquidity has been enhanced by a significant level of
core deposits which management has determined are less sensitive to interest
rate movements. The Bank has avoided reliance on large-denomination time
deposits as well as brokered deposits. Table 11 provides a breakdown of the
maturity of time deposits of $100,000 or more.

Table 11--Maturity of Time Deposits of $100,000 or More

(Dollars in thousands)

         3 months or less.....................................      $10,485
         Over 3 through 6 months..............................        2,520
         Over 6 months through 1 year.........................            -
         Over 1 through five years............................
         Over five years......................................            -
                                                                    -------

         Total................................................      $13,005
                                                                    =======

The following table sets forth contractual obligation and other commitments
representing required and potential cash outflows as of December 31, 2005:

             Table 12--Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments

32

In February 2005, the Bank entered into a 10-year lease for its new
corporate headquarters located at The Graham Building in Center City
Philadelphia. As reflected in Table 12 above, this transaction is included in
the Bank's long-term rental obligations.

     Interest rate sensitivity varies with different types of interest-earning
assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Overnight federal funds on which rates
change daily and loans that are tied to prime or other short-term indices differ
considerably from long-term investment securities and fixed-rate loans.
Similarly, time deposits are much more interest-sensitive than passbook savings
accounts. The shorter-term interest rate sensitivities are key to measuring the
interest sensitivity gap or excess interest-earning assets over interest-bearing
liabilities. Management of interest sensitivity involves matching repricing
dates of interest-earning assets with interest-bearing liabilities in a manner
designed to optimize net interest income within the limits imposed by regulatory
authorities, liquidity determinations and capital considerations. Table 13 sets
forth the earliest repricing distribution of the Bank's interest-earning assets
and interest-bearing liabilities at December 31, 2005, the Bank's interest rate
sensitivity gap ratio (i.e., excess of interest rate-sensitive assets over
interest rate-sensitive liabilities, divided by total assets) and the Bank's
cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap ratio. For purposes of the table,
except for savings deposits, an asset or liability is considered rate-sensitive
within a specified period when it matures or could be repriced within such
period in accordance with its contractual terms. At December 31, 2005, an asset
sensitive position is maintained on a cumulative basis through one year of
5.50%. This level is within the Bank's policy guidelines of +/-15% on a
cumulative one-year basis. Interest rate risk is minimized by the Bank's high
level of core deposits that have been placed in shorter repricing intervals.
Generally, because of the Bank's positive gap position in shorter time frames,
the Bank can anticipate that increases in market rates will have a positive
impact on the net interest income, while decreases will have the opposite
effect.

     For purposes of the gap analysis, such deposits (savings, MMA, NOW) which
do not have definitive maturity dates and do not readily react to changes in
interest rates have been placed in longer repricing intervals versus immediate
repricing time frames, making the analysis more reflective of the Bank's
historical experience.

Table 13--Interest Sensitivity Analysis

33

Core deposits such as checking and savings deposits have been placed in
repricing intervals based on historical trends and management's estimates.

While using the interest sensitivity gap analysis is a useful management
tool as it considers the quantity of assets and liabilities subject to repricing
in a given time period, it does not consider the relative sensitivity to market
interest rate changes that are characteristic of various interest rate-sensitive
assets and liabilities. Consequently, even though the Bank currently has a
positive gap position because of unequal sensitivity of these assets and
liabilities, management believes this position will not materially impact
earnings in a changing rate environment. For example, changes in the prime rate
on variable commercial loans may not result in an equal change in the rate of
money market deposits or short-term certificates of deposit. A simulation model
is therefore used to estimate the impact of various changes, both upward and
downward, in market interest rates and volumes of assets and liabilities on the
net income of the Bank. The calculated estimates of net income or "earnings" at
risk at December 31, 2005 are as follows:

                                          Net interest        Percent of
               Changes in rate              income               risk

                                    (Dollars in thousands)

               +200 basis points            $ 3,471              0.73%
               +100 basis points              3,463              0.49
               Flat rate                      3,446                --
               -100 basis points              3,410              1.04
               -200 basis points              3,345              2.93

A simulation model is also used to estimate the impact of various changes,
both upward and downward, in market interest rates and volumes of assets and
liabilities on the economic value of the Bank. This model produces an interest
rate exposure report that measures the long-term rate risks in the balance sheet
by valuing the Bank's assets and liabilities at market. It simulates what amount
would be left over if the Bank liquidated its assets and liabilities. This is
otherwise known as "economic value" of the capital of the Bank. The calculated
estimates of economic value at risk at December 31, 2005 are as follows:

MV of equity
               Changes in rate             MV equity            Risk change

                                    (Dollars in thousands)

               +200 basis points            $ 6,479              (14.7)%
               +100 basis points              7,377               (7.9)
               Flat rate                      8,205                -
               -100 basis points              8,853                4.8
               -200 basis points              9,413               21.0

The market value of equity may be impacted by the composition of the
Bank's assets and liabilities. A shift in the level of variable versus fixed
rate assets will create swings in the market value of equity. The Bank's market
value of equity declines in a rising rate environment because of the high level
of fixed rate loans and investments it has in its portfolio that do not follow
market rate changes.

     The assumptions used in evaluating the vulnerability of the Bank's earnings
and equity to changes in interest rates are based on management's consideration
of past experience, current position and anticipated future economic conditions.
The interest sensitivity of the Bank's assets and liabilities, as well as the
estimated effect of changes in interest rates on the earnings and equity, could
vary substantially if different assumptions are used or actual experience
differs from the assumptions on which the calculations were based.

34

The Bank's Board of Directors and management consider all of the relevant
factors and conditions in the asset/liability planning process. Interest rate
exposure is within the policy limits of the Bank at December 31, 2005. However,
if significant interest rate risk arises, the Board of Directors and management
may take, but are not limited to, one or all of the following steps to
reposition the balance sheet as appropriate:

1.       Limit jumbo certificates of deposit and movement into money market
         deposit accounts and short-term certificates of deposit through pricing
         and other marketing strategies.

2.       Purchase quality loan participations with appropriate interest rate/gap
         match for the Bank's balance sheet.

3.       Restructure the Bank's investment portfolio.

     The Board of Directors has determined that active supervision of the
interest rate spread between yield on earning assets and cost of funds will
decrease the Bank's vulnerability to interest rate cycles.

Capital Resources

     Total shareholders' equity decreased $320,000 in 2005 compared to 2004 and
increased $1.6 million in 2004 compared to 2003. The decline in capital in 2005
is primarily attributable to the net loss of $269,000 for the year as well as a
decline in other comprehensive income related to an increase in the unrealized
loss on securities classified as available-for-sale.

     The increase in 2004 was primarily related to gains realized on the sale of
bank-owned real estate totaling $1.9 million. Aggressive steps were taken to
infuse additional capital to ensure the continued viability and growth of the
institution.

     While gains on asset sales were used to re-capitalize the Bank and support
growth and profitability strategies, the next phase of capital generation will
focus on retained earnings--attaining continuous profitability from the Bank's
core operations---loan and deposit growth. Management will seek to leverage
capital down to industry levels through growth generated by its strategic
initiatives--signature savings and remote deposit capture.

     The FRB standards for measuring capital adequacy for U.S. Banking
organizations require that banks maintain capital based on "risk-adjusted"
assets so that categories of assets with potentially higher risk will require
more capital backing than assets with lower risk. In addition, banks are
required to maintain capital to support, on a risk-adjusted basis, certain
off-balance-sheet activities such as loan commitments. The FRB standards
classify capital into two tiers, referred to as Tier I and Tier II. Tier I
consists of common shareholders' equity (excluding net unrealized holding gains
on available for sale securities), noncumulative and cumulative perpetual
preferred stock, and minority interests less goodwill and/or intangible assets).
Tier II capital consists of allowance for loan losses, hybrid capital
instruments, term subordinated debt, and intermediate-term preferred stock.
Banks are required to meet a minimum ratio of 8% of qualifying capital to
risk-adjusted total assets with at least 4% Tier I capital and a Tier I leverage
ratio of at least 6%. Capital that qualifies as Tier II capital is limited to
100% of Tier I capital.

     As indicated in Table 14, the Company's risk-based capital ratios are above
the minimum requirements. Management continues the objective of raising
additional capital by offering additional stock (preferred and common) for sale
in a private offering as well as increasing the rate of internal capital growth
as a means of maintaining the required capital ratios. However, the Bank's
growth and operating losses may have an adverse effect on its capital ratios.
UBS and the Bank do not anticipate paying dividends in the near future.

35

Table 14--Capital Ratios

See "Regulatory Action" above for a description of and status of
compliance with the regulatory Agreement under which the Bank is currently
operating.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     In May 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement No. 154, ("SFAS No. 154") "Accounting Changes and Error Corrections -
A Replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB Statement No. 3." This new standard
replaces Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 20, "Accounting
Changes", and FASB Statement No. 3, "Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim
Financial Statements." Among other changes, SFAS No. 154 requires that a
voluntary change in accounting principle be applied retrospectively with all
prior period financial statements presented on the new accounting principle,
unless it is impracticable to do so. SFAS No. 154 also provides that (1) a
change in method of depreciating or amortizing a long-lived nonfinancial asset
be accounted for as a change in estimate (prospectively) that was effected by a
change in accounting principle, and (2) correction of errors in previously
issued financial statements should be termed a "restatement. " The new standard
is effective for accounting changes and corrections of errors made in fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2005. UBS does not anticipate this revision
will have a material effect on its financial statements.

     In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement No. 123 (Revised 2004) ("SFAS
No. 123R") "Share-Based Payment," which requires that the compensation cost
relating to share-based payment transactions be recognized in financial
statements. SFAS No. 123R replaces SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation," and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued
to Employees." Share-based compensation arrangements include share options,
restricted share plans, performance-based awards, share appreciation rights and
employee share purchase plans. SFAS No. 123R requires all share-based payments
to employees be valued using a fair valued method on the date of grant and
expensed based on that fair value over the applicable vesting period. SFAS No.
123R also amends SFAS No. 95 "Statement of Cash Flows," requiring the benefits
of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost be reported as
financing instead of operating cash flows. The Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC") issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107, ("SAB No. 107")
which expresses the SEC's views regarding the interaction between SFAS No. 123R
and certain SEC rules and regulations. Additionally, SAB No. 107 provides
guidance related to share-based payment transactions for public companies. UBS
will be required to apply SFAS No. 123R as January 1, 2006. UBS does not
anticipate this revision will have a material effect on its financial
statements.

     In November 2004, the Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") published Issue
03-1, "The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to
Certain Investments." The Task Force discussed the meaning of
other-than-temporary impairment and its application to certain investments
carried at cost. The Task Force requested that the FASB staff consider other
impairment models within U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP")
when developing its views. The Task Force also requested that the scope of the
impairment issue be expanded to include equity investments and investments
subject to FASB Statement No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt
and Equity Securities," and that the issue be addressed by the Task Force as a
separate EITF issue. At the EITF meeting, the Task Force reached a consensus on
one issue that certain quantitative and qualitative disclosures should be
required for securities accounted for under Statement 115 that are impaired at
the balance sheet date but for which an other-than-temporary impairment has not
been recognized. The APB ratified the consensus on that one issue at its
November 25, 2004 meeting. In September 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ("FASB") directed the FASB staff to issue two proposed FASB Staff
Positions ("FSP"): Proposed FSP EITF Issue 03-1-a, which provides guidance for
the application of paragraph 16 of EITF Issue 03-1 to debt securities that are

36

impaired because of interest rate and/or sector spread increases, and Proposed
FSP EITF Issue 03-1-b, which delays the effective date of Issue 03-1 for debt
securities that are impaired because of interest rate and/or sector spread
increases. In June 2005, the FASB reached a decision whereby they declined to
provide additional guidance on the meaning of other-than-temporary impairment.
The Board directed the FASB staff to issue EITF 03-1a as final and to draft a
new FSP that will replace EITF 03-01. The final FSP (retitled FAS 115-1, "The
Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and it Application to Certain
Investments") is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2005. UBS does not anticipate this revision will have a material effect on its
financial statements.

      ITEM 7A -- QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The financial information required by this Item 7A is incorporated by
reference to page 33 of this Report, the Liquidity and Interest Rate Sensitivity
Management provisions and pages 33 to 37 of this Report, including Table 13 the
Interest Sensitivity Analysis Table of this Report.

              ITEM 8 -- FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     See Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 52 to 78 hereof.

             ITEM 9 -- CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
                     ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

      There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting
and financial disclosure during the year ended December 31, 2005.

                        ITEM 9A--CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     UBS carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of the UBS' management, including the UBS' Chief Executive
Officer, Evelyn F. Smalls and Chief Financial Officer, Brenda Hudson-Nelson, of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of the UBS' disclosure controls
and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2005 pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15.
Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that UBS' disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2005, are effective and timely in alerting them to material information
relating to UBS (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be
included in UBS' periodic SEC filings.

     During the last fiscal quarter, there have not been any significant changes
in UBS' internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected
or are reasonably likely to materially affect the UBS' internal control over
financial reporting.

                           ITEM 9B--OTHER INFORMATION

None.

                                    PART III

          ITEM 10 -- DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The following table sets forth certain biographical information. Other than
as indicated below, each of the persons named below has been employed in their
present principal occupation for the past five years.

37

(a) Directors of the Registrant and Bank

38

(b)    Executive Officers of Registrant and Bank

Name                             Age        Office
                                
Evelyn F. Smalls                 60         President and Chief Executive Officer

Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson          44         Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer

L. Armstead Edwards              63         Chairman, Board of Directors

William B. Moore                 62         Secretary

Marionette Y. Frazier            61         Assistant Secretary

Joseph Drennan                   60         Treasurer*

*Please note that Mr. Drennan was elected as Treasurer of the Registrant
     and the Bank and serves as Chairman of the Audit Committees of those
     Board's of Directors beginning on November 14, 2005.

(c) Family Relationships.

         There are no family relationships between any director, executive
officer or person nominated or chosen by the UBS or the Bank to become a
director or executive officer.

(d)    Other

         There have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal
proceedings and no judgments or injunctions material to the evaluation of the
ability and integrity of any director or executive officer during the past five
years.

                     INFORMATION ABOUT THE AUDIT COMMITTEES

Information about the UBS' Audit/Compliance Committee and Financial Expert

     The Audit/Compliance Committee of UBS' Board of Directors(1) comprised of
Angela M. Huggins(3) (Chairman), Joseph T. Drennan(2), L. Armstead Edwards,
Marionette Y. Frazier and William B. Moore, meets when necessary at the call of
the Chairman. The Committee meets with the internal auditor to review audit
programs and the results of audits of specific areas, as well as other
regulatory compliance issues. In addition, the Committee meets with UBS'
independent certified public accountants to review the results of the annual
audit and other related matters. Each member of the Committee is "independent"
as defined in the applicable listing standards of the National Association of
Securities Dealers ("NASDAQ"). The Committee held four (4 ) meetings during
2005.

     Each member of the Audit/Compliance Committee is independent and
financially literate as defined by NASDAQ. The Board of Directors of the Company
and the Bank have determined that Joseph T. Drennan is a "Financial Expert," as
defined in the SEC's regulations.

     The Compliance Committee is combined with the Audit Committee and is
comprised of the same members. On a quarterly basis compliance matters are
addressed to included the review of regulatory compliance matters, the Bank's
compliance programs and the CRA Act activities.

Information about the Bank's Audit/Compliance Committee

     The Audit/Compliance Committee of the Bank Board of Directors(1) comprised
of Angela M. Huggins(3) (Chairman), Joseph T. Drennan(2), L. Armstead Edwards ,
William B. Moore, and Marionette Y. Frazier meets at least quarterly. The
Audit/Compliance Committee meets with the internal auditor to review audit
programs and the results of audits of specific areas, as well as other
regulatory compliance issues. In addition, the Audit/Compliance Committee meets
with the Bank's independent registered public accountants to review the results
of the annual audit and other related matters, with the internal auditor to
review audit programs and the results of audits of specific areas, as well as
other regulatory compliance issues. Each member of the Audit/Compliance
Committee is "independent" as defined in the applicable listing standards of the
NASDAQ. The Committee held four (4 ) meetings during 2005.

39

In 2003, the Compliance Committee was combined with the Audit Committee and
is comprised of the same members. On a quarterly basis, in addition to the audit
matters outlined above, compliance matters are addressed to included the review
of regulatory compliance matters, the Bank's compliance programs and the CRA Act
activities.

(1)The Audit Committees of UBS and the Bank are operating standing
     committees established in accordance with Section 3(a)58(A) of the Exchange
     Act. (2)Mr. Drennan was elected as Treasurer of the Registrant and the Bank
     and serves as Chairman of the Audit Committees of those
     Board's of Directors beginning on November 14, 2005
     (3)Angela M. Huggins retired from the Registrant's and Bank's Boards of
     Directors and their Audit Committee in November 2005 upon the expiration of
     her term.

INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMMITTEES OF THE BOARDS

     Under UBS' By-Laws, persons elected by the Board of Directors to fill a
vacancy on the Board serve as directors for the balance of the term of the
director who that person succeeds. The Board of Directors of UBS and the Board
of Directors of the Bank meet on a monthly basis (except August). The Executive
Committee of the Bank meets in those months when the Board of Directors does not
meet. The Executive Committees of UBS and the Bank act in the stead of the
Boards of Directors of UBS and the Bank, respectively, and exercise the
authority and powers of the Boards of Directors at intervals between meetings of
the Boards of Directors insofar as may be permitted by law and have
responsibility for the nomination of new directors. The Asset and Liability
Management Committee of the Bank's Board meets for the purpose of managing and
monitoring the Bank's exposure to interest rate risks, market risk and liquidity
risk. UBS' and the Bank's Audit/Compliance Committees interface with UBS' and
the Bank's independent registered public accountants to review the results of
the annual audit as well as regulatory compliance matters. UBS' Board of
Directors does not have a Compensation Committee of the Board since it has no
employees.

General Information About UBS' and Bank's Boards of Directors

     UBS' Board of Directors meets when necessary and during 2005 held eleven
(11) meetings, including UBS' organization meeting. The Bank's Board of
Directors was scheduled to meet at least monthly, except in August. The total
number of meetings of the Bank's Board of Directors that were held in 2005 was
eleven (11).

Information About the Committees of UBS' Board of Directors

     The Committees of UBS' Board of Directors are the Executive Committee and
the Audit Committee. The Executive Committee comprised of L. Armstead Edwards
(Chairman), Steven L. Sanders(4) (Vice Chairman)(1), Angela M. Huggins(3),
William B. Moore, Evelyn F. Smalls, and Marionette Y. Frazier meets, when
necessary, at the call of the Chairman, and to exercise the authority and powers
of UBS' Board of Directors at intervals between meetings of the Board of
Directors insofar as may be permitted by law. The Executive Committee held
eleven (11) meetings during 2005.

For information about UBS' and the Bank's Audit/Compliance Committees refer to
"INFORMATION ABOUT THE AUDIT COMMITTEES" above.

Information About UBS' Nominating Committee

     The Nominating Committee, comprised of Angela M. Huggins(3) (Chairman), L.
Armstead Edwards and Ernest L. Wright, meets at the call of the Chairman. The
Committee is responsible for considering and recommending future director
nominees to the Board of Directors of UBS and the Bank. The Committee will be
independent and meet the requirements for independence of NASDAQ. The Nominating
Committee a charter will be made available, without charge, upon written request
by the shareholders of UBS to the corporate secretary of UBS and the charter
will be attached to the Proxy Statement sent to the UBS shareholders in
connection with UBS' next Annual Meeting. The Committee did not hold any
meetings during 2005.

40

Meetings of UBS' Board and its Committees

     The total number of meetings of UBS' Board of Directors that were held in
2005 was eleven (11). All of the incumbent directors, who were directors during
2005 (i) attended at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the total number of
meetings of the Board of Directors and (ii) all directors attended at least
seventy-five percent (75%) of the aggregate of the total number of meetings held
by all committees of the Board on which the director served except William B.
Moore, who attended seventy-three percent (73%) and Steven Sanders(4) who
attended fifty-five percent (55%) of all Board of Director and Executive
Committee meetings.

(3)Angela M. Huggins retired from the Board of Directors in November 2005 upon
the expiration of her term.

(4)Steve Sanders resigned from the Board of directors in January 2006 because of
a change in his work schedule that precluded him from attending board meetings.

Information About Committees of the Bank's Board of Directors

     The Committees of the Bank's Board of Directors are the Executive, Asset
and Liability Management, the Audit/Compliance Committees, and the Loan
Committee.

     The Executive Committee comprised of L. Armstead Edwards (Chairman), Steven
L. Sanders(4) (Vice Chairman), Angela M. Huggins(3), William B. Moore, Evelyn F.
Smalls and Marionette Y. Frazier meets, when necessary, at the call of the
Chairman, to discuss and approve certain human resource matters including
compensation, to ratify and approve certain of the Bank's loans and to exercise
the authority and powers of the Bank's Board of Directors at intervals between
meetings of the Board of Directors insofar as may be permitted by law. The
Executive Committee held eleven (11) meetings during 2005.

      The Compensation Committee, comprised of Steven Sanders (Chairman)(1), L.
Armstead Edwards, Angela M. Huggins(3) , William B. Moore, and Marionette Y.
Wilson, meets to discuss compensation matters. The Compensation Committee of the
Bank annually reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to
CEO compensation, evaluates the CEO's performance in light of those goals and
objectives and determines and approves the compensation and benefits to be paid
or provided to the Evelyn F. Smalls, the President of UBS and Brenda M.
Hudson-Nelson, Executive Vice President and Chief financial Officer. Each member
of the Compensation Committee is independent as defined by NASDAQ. During 2005,
the Compensation Committee did not hold any meetings as there were no changes in
the contracts of the executive officers or other matters for discussion.

     The Asset and Liability Management Committee comprised Bernard E. Anderson
(Chairman), L. Armstead Edwards, Angela M. Huggins(3) , Evelyn F. Smalls and
Ernest L. Wright meets quarterly to review and manage the Bank's exposure to
interest rate risk, market risk and liquidity risk. During 2005, the Asset and
Liability Management Committee held three (3) meetings.

     The Loan Committee, comprised of David R. Bright (Chairman) L. Armstead
Edwards, Ernest L. Wright, and Evelyn F. Smalls meets when necessary to review
and approve loans that are $200,000 and over and to discuss other related loan
matters. The Committee held 11 (eleven) meetings during 2005.

     For information about UBS' and the Bank's Audit/Compliance Committees refer
to "INFORMATION ABOUT THE AUDIT COMMITTEES" above.

     The Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank has determined that all
of its members are independent and meet the independence requirements of NASDAQ
except Evelyn F. Smalls. Because Ms. Smalls is the President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company and the Bank she is not independent as defined by NASDAQ.

41

Meetings of Bank's Board and its Committees

     The total number of meetings of the Bank's Board of Directors that were
held in 2005 was eleven (11). All incumbent directors (i) attended at least
seventy-five percent (75%) of the total number of meetings of the Board of
Directors,and (ii) attended at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the aggregate
of the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which the
director served except William B. Moore, who attended seventy-three percent
(73%), and Steven Sanders(4) who attended fifty-five percent (55%) of all Board
of Directors and Executive Committee meetings.

(3)Angela M. Huggins retired from the Board of Directors in November 2005 upon
the expiration of her term.
(4)Steve Sanders resigned from the Board of directors in January 2006 because of
a change in his work schedule that precluded him from attending board meetings.

BOARDS OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION

Directors Fees

     The normal non-officer director fee paid by the Bank is Three Hundred Fifty
Dollars ($350) for attending each Board meeting and One Hundred Seventy-five
Dollars ($175) per quarter for attending the Board of Directors' Committee
meetings. Directors' fees are not paid to officer directors for attending Bank
Board of Directors or Committee meetings. UBS does not pay any fees to any
directors for attending UBS' Board of Directors or Committee meetings. Effective
April 1, 2002, the Board of Directors elected to waive all fees for an
indefinite period of time.

UBS'S AND BANK'S EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
current executive officers of UBS and Bank as of March 10, 2006:

UBS Stock
      Name, Principal Occupation and           Age as of                                                            Beneficially
   Business Experience For Past 5 Years     March 10, 2006  Office with the UBS and/or Bank                            Owned
                                                                                                                   
Evelyn F. Smalls(1)(2)                            60        President and Chief Executive Officer and                   600
                                                            Director of UBS and Bank
Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson (3)                       44        Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer         50
                                                            of UBS and Bank
__________________
Footnote Information Concerning Executive Officers

(1)  Ms. Smalls was elected as a director and was appointed as President and
     Chief Executive Officer in June 2000. Prior to that, Ms. Smalls was Senior
     Vice President of Human Resources and Compliance from October 1993 to May
     2000.
(2)  The President and Chief Executive Officer, currently Evelyn F. Smalls, acts
     as Trustee of certain voting trust agreements (the "Voting Trusts")
     pursuant to which Fahnstock, Inc deposited 5,209 shares of Common Stock of
     UBS.
(3)  Ms. Hudson-Nelson was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
     Officer in June 2000. Prior to that, Ms. Hudson-Nelson was Vice President
     and Controller from January 1992 to May 2000. In May 2002, Ms.
     Hudson-Nelson was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
     Officer.

42

CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICS

    UBS and the Bank has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ( the
"Code") that applies to all its directors, employees and officers and including
its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer. The Code meets the
requirement of a code of ethics for the UBS' and the Bank's principal executive
officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions
under Item 406 of the SEC's Regulation S-K. Any amendments to the Code, or any
waivers of the Code for directors or executive officers will be disclosed
promptly on a Form 8-K filed with the SEC or by any other means approved by the
SEC. The Code complies with requirements of Sarbanes - Oxley Act and the listing
standards of NASDAQ and UBS provides a copy of the Code to each director,
officer and employee."

    UBS will provide, without charge, a copy of its Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics to any person who requests a copy of the Code. A copy of the Code may be
requested by writing to the President of UBS at United Bank of Philadelphia at
30 S. 15th Street, Suite 1200, Philadelphia, PA 19102.

             SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

     Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that UBS' directors and
executive officers file reports of their holdings of UBS' Common Stock with the
SEC. Based on UBS' records and other information available to UBS believes that
the SEC's Section 16(a) reporting requirements applicable to UBS' directors and
executive officers were complied with for UBS' fiscal year ended December 31,
2005. There were no reportable transactions during this period.

                        ITEM 11 -- EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

      The Compensation Committee, comprised of Steven Sanders (Chairman), L.
Armstead Edwards, Angela M. Huggins, William B. Moore, and Marionette Y. Wilson,
meets to discuss compensation matters. The Compensation Committee of the Bank
annually reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO
compensation, evaluates the CEO's performance in light of those goals and
objectives and determines and approves the compensation and benefits to be paid
or provided to the Evelyn F. Smalls the President of UBS and Brenda M.
Hudson-Nelson Executive Vice President and Chief financial Officer. Each member
of the Compensation Committee is independent as defined by NASDAQ. During 2005,
the Compensation Committee did not hold any meetings.

     The following information relates to all plan and non-plan compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to (i) Evelyn F. Smalls, the President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Bank , and (ii) Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson, Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank, the only persons who were
serving as executive officers of the Bank at December 31, 2005 (Ms. Smalls and
Ms. Hudson-Nelson are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the
"Named Executive Officers").

      Summary Compensation Table

     The disclosure regarding the compensation of the Bank's executives includes
the following table that sets forth the compensation paid to the Named Executive
Officers during the last three fiscal years.

Annual Compensation(1) (3)
                                                                                                      Stock        All Other
                Name and Principal Position During 2005                 Year    Salary      Bonus    Options    Compensation(2)
                                                                                             ($)       (#)            ($)
                                                                                                            
Evelyn F. Smalls                                                        2005     $169,077     --         --              --
President and Chief Executive Officer                                   2004     $149,588     --         --              --
of UBS and the Bank                                                     2003     $139,050     --         --              --
                                                                                              --         --              --
Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson                                                 2005     $124,096     --         --              --
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial                            2004     $106,044     --         --              --
Officer of UBS and the Bank                                             2003      $97,850     --         --              --
__________________

(1)  Amounts are not included in the Bonus, Stock Option and All Other
     Compensation columns of the table because no compensation of this nature
     was paid by UBS or the Bank and the restricted stock awards and long term
     incentive payouts columns are not included in the Compensation Table since
     these benefits are not made available by UBS or the Bank.
(2)  The SEC's compensation disclosure rules require the use, where applicable,
     of a series of tables to describe various types of compensation paid to the
     specified executive officers. The use of a specific table or column in a
     table is not required by the SEC's rules if no compensation was paid or
     awarded to the named executives. Only the tables or columns required to be
     used by the SEC's rules, because of the compensation paid to the specified
     executive officers, have been used in this report.
(3)  UBS' executives are not compensated for their services to UBS rather,
     because the Bank is the principal subsidiary of UBS, they are compensated
     as officers of the Bank.

43

Executive Employment Agreements

     The Bank entered into a new Employment Agreement with Evelyn F. Smalls in
November 2004 to continue to serve as the Bank's President and Chief Executive
Officer. The term of the Employment Agreement is three (3) years, unless
extended or terminated. The Employment Agreement provides for an annual base
salary of $160,000 that may be increased, but not decreased. Under her
Employment Agreement, Ms. Smalls has an opportunity to receive an annual cash
bonus based on performance targets specified in the Employment Agreement which
are based on the annual earnings of the Bank.

     The Bank entered into a new Employment Agreement with Brenda M.
Hudson-Nelson in November 2004 to continue to serve as the Bank's Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer. The term of the Employment Agreement is
three (3) years, unless extended or terminated. The Employment Agreement
provides for an annual base salary of $115,000 that may be increased, but not
decreased. Under her Employment Agreement, Ms. Hudson-Nelson has an opportunity
to receive an annual cash bonus based on performance targets specified in the
Employment Agreement which are based on the annual earnings of the Bank.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

        The Company adopted a Stock Option Plan in 1998. Under this Plan,
options to acquire shares of common stock were granted to the former chief
executive officer. The Stock Option Plan provides for the granting of options at
the fair market value of the Company's common stock at the time the options are
granted. Each option granted under the Stock Option Plan may be exercised within
a period of ten years from the date of grant. However, no option may be
exercised within one year from the date of grant. In 1998, options to purchase
29,694 shares of the Company's common stock at a price of $8.54 per share were
awarded to the former chief executive officer.

Equity Compensation Plan Table

- ----------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------
                                           (a)                       (b)                                (c)
- ----------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------
Plan Category                  Number of  Securities to be  Weighted  average  exercise  Number    of     securities
                               issued  upon   exercise  of  price    of     outstanding  remaining   available   for
                               outstanding        options,  options,    warrants,   and  future    issuance    under
                               warrants and rights          rights                       equity  compensation  plans
                                                                                         (excluding       securities
                                                                                         reflected in column (a))
- ----------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------
                                                                                              
Equity    compensation   plans           29,694                        $8.54                       70,306
approved by security holders
- ----------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------
Equity  compensation plans not              -                            -                            -
approved by security holders
- ----------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------
             Total                       29,694                        $8.54                       70,306
- ----------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------

ITEM 12 -- SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The following table sets forth certain information known to UBS, as of
March 10, 2006 (1), with respect to the only persons to UBS' knowledge, who may
be beneficial owners of more than 5% of UBS' Common Stock.

44

The following table lists the beneficial ownership of shares of the UBS'
Common Stock as of March 10, 2006 for each of the UBS' director, nominees and
executive officers. The table also shows the total number of shares of Common
Stock ownership by the director, nominees and executive officers of UBS as a
group.

Common           Percent of
                                                                       Stock(9,10,11)     Outstanding Stock
Name
Current Directors
                                                                                             
L. Armstead Edwards....................................................     10,833              1.23%
Marionette Y. Wilson (Frazier).........................................     17,900              2.04%
Ernest L. Wright.......................................................     7,084                 *
Bernard E. Anderson....................................................      850                  *
David R. Bright........................................................      850                  *
Joseph T. Drennan......................................................      783                  *
Ahsan M. Nasratullah...................................................      833                  *
William B. Moore.......................................................     1,834                 *
Evelyn F. Smalls.......................................................      600                  *
Certain Executive Officers
Evelyn F. Smalls.......................................................     600**                 *
Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson................................................       50                  *
All Current Directors and Executive Officers as a Group ...............     41,617            4.7400% ***
__________________
 Footnotes Concerning Beneficial Ownership of Stock
*    Less than one percent.
**   Ms. Smalls is also a Director; see listing above.
***  Calculated by adding the Common Stock owned plus exercisable options and
     dividing by the actual number of shares outstanding on March 10, 2006, plus
     the shares subject to the exercisable option.

(9)  Stock ownership information is given as of March 10, 2006, and includes
     shares that the individual has the right to acquire (other than by exercise
     of stock options) within sixty (60) days of March 10. 2006. Unless
     otherwise indicated, each director and each such named executive officer
     holds sole voting and investment power over the shares listed.
(10) The number of shares "beneficially owned" in each case includes, when
     applicable, shares owned beneficially, directly or indirectly, by the
     spouse or minor children of the director, and shares owned by any other
     relatives of the director residing with the director. None of the directors
     holds title to any shares of UBS of record that such director does not own
     beneficially.
(11) UBS does not know of any person having or sharing voting power and/or
     investment power with respect to more than 5% of the UBS' Common Stock
     other than Wachovia Corporation (formerly First Union Corporation) and
     Philadelphia Municipal Retirement System.

45

ITEM 13 -- CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Some of the directors and executive officers of the UBS and Bank and the
entities with which they are associated were customers of and had banking
transactions with the Bank in the ordinary course of its business during the
year 2005. All loans and commitments to lend were made on substantially the same
terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time
for comparable transactions with other persons. In the opinion of Bank
management, the transactions and loan commitments did not involve more than
normal risk of collectively or present other unfavorable features.

ITEM 14--PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

     The following table presents the fees for each of the last two fiscal years
for the UBS' principal accountants by category:

                                                       2005             2004

       Audit Fees..................................$  86,703         $ 62,000
       Audit-related fees..........................       -                -
       Tax fees....................................    8,304               -
       All other fees..............................       -                -
          Total fees...............................$  95,007         $ 62,000

The Audit Committee pre-approves all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for
UBS by its independent auditor, subject to the minimus exceptions for non-audit
services described in Section 10A (i) (1) (B) of the Exchange Act which are
approved by the Committee prior to the completion of the audit. The Audit
Committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting of one or
more members when appropriate, including the authority to grant pre-approvals of
audit and permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions of such
subcommittee to grant pre-approvals shall be presented to the full Audit
Committee at its next scheduled meeting.

46

PART IV

             ITEM 15 -- EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES

The following documents are filed as part of this report of United Bancshares, Inc.:                Page

(a) 1. Financial Reports of United Bancshares, Inc.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.                                 52

            Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2005 and 2004.                               54
            Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years ended December 31, 2005.       55

            Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the three years ended
            December 31, 2005.                                                                       56

            Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2005.       57

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                               58

2.    Financial Statement Schedules

            Financial Statement Schedules are omitted because the required
             information is either not applicable, not required or is shown in
             the respective financial statements or in the notes thereto.

        3.   The following Exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by
             reference as a part of this Annual Report:

     Exhibit Number                                  Item

            (3(i))      Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to
                        Registrant's 1998 Form 10-K).

            (3(ii))     Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Registrant's 1997
                        Form 10-K).

            (9.1)       Voting Trust Agreement with NationsBank (Incorporated by
                        reference to Registrant's 1997 Form 10-K).

            (9.2)       Voting Trust Agreement with Fahnstock (Incorporated by
                        reference to Registrant's 1997 Form 10-K).

47

(10)        Material Contracts

               a)   Lease for corporate headquarters office located at The
                    Graham Building, 30 S. 15th Street, Suite 1200,
                    Philadelphia, PA (Incorporated by reference to Registrant's
                    2004 Form 10-K)

               b)   Lease for branch office located at 1620 Wadsworth
                    Avenue(Incorporated by reference to Registrant's 2002 Form
                    10-K)

               c)   Lease for branch office located at 3750 Lancaster
                    Avenue(Incorporated by reference to Registrant's 2002 Form
                    10-K)

               d)   Lease for branch office located at 1015 North Broad
                    Street(Incorporated by reference to Registrant's 2002 Form
                    10-K)

               e)   Evelyn F. Smalls' Employment Agreement, dated November 1,
                    2004, is attached hereto as Exhibit 10e.

               f)   Brenda Hudson-Nelson's Employment Agreement, dated November
                    1, 2004, is attached hereto as Exhibit 10f.

               g)   Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by
                    reference to Registrant's 1992 Form 10)

               h)   Lease for Retail office located at The Graham Building, 30
                    S. 15th Street, Philadelphia, PA, is attached hereto as
                    Exhibit 10h.

               i)   Sublease for Retail office located at The Graham Building,
                    30 S. 15th Street, Philadelphia, PA, is attached hereto as
                    Exhibit 10i.

      (11) Statement of Computation of Earnings Per Share. Included at Note 16
of the Financial Statements hereof.

      (12) Statement of Computation of Ratios. Included at Note 15 of the
Financial Statements hereof. (14) Code of Conduct and Ethics (Incorporated by
reference to Registrant's 2004 10-K)

      (21) Subsidiaries of Registrant
            Name                                     State of Incorporation
            United Bank of Philadelphia              Pennsylvania

      (31)  Certification of the Annual Report

          (31.1) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to
               Section 302 of the Sabanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

          (31.2) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to
               Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

      (32)  Certification Pursuant to issue of Section 1350

          (A)  Exhibit 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18U.S.C. Section 1350, as
               adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of
               2002 of the Chief Executive Officer attached hereto as Exhibit
               99.1.

          (B)  Exhibit 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18U.S.C. Section 1350, as
               adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of
               2002 of the Chief Financial Officer attached hereto as Exhibit
               99.2.

(99)Additional Exhibits

          (A)  Exhibit 99 Registrants Proxy Statement for its Annual
               Shareholders Meeting held on November 14, 2005 is attached hereto
               as Exhibit 99(A).

48

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC.                                           DATE

/s/ Evelyn F. Smalls
_________________________________________                  March 31, 2006
Evelyn F. Smalls, President & CEO, Director

/s/ Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson
_________________________________________                  March 31, 2006
Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson, EVP, CFO

/s/ L. Armstead Edwards
___________________________________                        March 31, 2006
L. Armstead Edwards, Chairman, Director

/s/ Marionette Y. Wilson(Frazier)
_________________________________________                  March 31, 2006
Marionette Y. Wilson(Frazier), Assistant Secretary, Director

/s/ William B. Moore
_________________________________________                  March 31, 2006
William B. Moore, Secretary, Director

/s/ Bernard E. Anderson
________________________________________                   March 31, 2006
Bernard E. Anderson, Director

/s/ David R. Bright
________________________________________                   March 31, 2006
David R. Bright, Director

/s/ Joseph T. Drennan
________________________________________                   March 31, 2006
Joseph T. Drennan, Treasurer, Director

/s/ Ashan M. Nasratullah
_________________________________________                  March 31, 2006
Ashan M. Nasratullah, Director

/s/ Ernest L. Wright
_________________________________________                  March 31, 2006
Ernest L. Wright, Director

49

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors
United Bancshares, Inc.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of United Bancshares, Inc. and
Subsidiary (the "Company") as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash
flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of United Bancshares,
Inc. and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

                                                  /s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP

Blue Bell, Pennsylvania
March 10, 2006

50

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Shareholders and Board of Directors
United Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of operations, changes
in shareholders' equity, and cash flows of United Bancshares, Inc. and its
Subsidiary, United Bank of Philadelphia ("Bank"), for the year ended December
31, 2003. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of
United Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2003, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company
will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the December 31,
2003 financial statements the Bank entered into a written agreement (Agreement)
with its primary regulators dated February 23, 2000. As of December 31, 2003 the
Bank was not in compliance with certain requirements of the Agreement. Not
meeting these requirements, losses incurred in the current year and the results
of a recent regulatory examination, could expose the Bank to possible further
regulatory actions. As more fully discussed in Note 2, these matters raise
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on many
factors, including achieving the required capital levels, earnings and fully
complying with the Agreement. Management's plans with respect to these matters
are also described in Note 2. The accompanying financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 27, 2004

51

52

53

54

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                            Years ended December 31,

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

55

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    Principles of Consolidation

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of United
    Bancshares, Inc. (the Company) and its wholly owned subsidiary, United Bank
    of Philadelphia (the Bank). All significant intercompany transactions and
    balances have been eliminated.

    Statement of Cash Flows

    For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash
    on hand, amounts due from banks, and federal funds sold on an overnight
    basis. Changes in loans made to and deposits received from customers are
    reported on a net basis.

    Securities Held-to-Maturity

    Bonds, notes, and debentures for which the Bank has both the positive intent
    and ability to hold to maturity are classified as held-to-maturity and
    carried at cost, adjusted for premiums and discounts that are recognized in
    interest income using the interest method over the period to maturity.

    Securities Available-for-Sale

    Available-for-sale securities consist of bonds, notes and debentures, and
    certain equity securities for which the Bank does not have positive intent
    to hold to maturity. These securities are carried at fair value.

    Unrealized holding gains and losses on securities classified as
    available-for-sale are carried as a separate component of shareholders'
    equity net of related income tax effects.

    Gains and losses on the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined
    by the specific identification method.

    Premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest
    method over the period to maturity.

Securities classified as available for sale or held to maturity are
    considered to be impaired when a decline in the fair value is judged to be
    other-than temporary. The Bank evaluates the securities for the
    other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis and more
    frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such evaluation. The
    Bank employs a systematic methodology that considers available evidence in
    evaluating potential impairment of its investments. In the event that the
    cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, the Bank evaluates, among
    other factors, the magnitude and duration of the decline in fair value; for
    equity and debt securities the financial health of and business outlook of
    the issuer; the performance of the underlying assets in interests in
    securitized assets; and the Bank's intent and ability to hold the
    investment. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be
    other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded in investment income
    and a new cost basis in the investment is established.

(Continued)

                                       56

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued

    Loans

    The Bank has both the positive intent and ability to hold the majority of
    its loans to maturity. These loans are stated at the amount of unpaid
    principal, reduced by net unearned discount and an allowance for loan
    losses. Interest income on loans is recognized as earned based on
    contractual interest rates applied to daily principal amounts outstanding
    and accretion of discount. It is the Bank's policy to discontinue the
    accrual of interest income when a default of principal or interest exists
    for a period of 90 days except when, in management's judgment, the
    collection of principal and interest is reasonably anticipated or adequate
    collateral exists. Interest received on nonaccrual loans is either applied
    against principal or reported as interest income according to management's
    judgment as to collectibility of principal. When interest accruals are
    discontinued, interest credited to income is reversed and the loan is
    classified as nonperforming.

    Unearned discount is amortized over the weighted average maturity of the
    mortgage loan portfolio. Loan origination and commitment fees and certain
    direct loan origination costs are deferred, and the net amount is amortized
    as an adjustment of the related loan's yield. The Bank is amortizing these
    amounts over the contractual life of the loan.

    For purchased loans, the discount remaining after the loan loss allocation
    is being amortized over the remaining life of the purchased loans using the
    interest method.

     Loans Held-for-Sale

    Transfers of financial assets, for which the Bank has surrendered control,
    are accounted for as sales to the extent that consideration other than
    beneficial interests in the transferred assets is received in exchange.
    Retained interests in a sale of financial assets are measured at the date of
    transfer by allocating the previous carrying amount between the assets
    transferred and based on their relative estimated fair values. The fair
    values of retained servicing rights and any other retained interests are
    determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows
    associated with those interests and by reference to market prices for
    similar assets.

    Loans held-for-sale are carried at the aggregate of lower of cost or market
    value. The Bank had student loans held for sale totaling $1,412,554 as of
    December 31, 2004.

    Allowance for Loan Losses

    The allowance for loan losses related to "impaired loans" is based on the
    discounted cash flows using the impaired loans' initial effective interest
    rate as the discount rate, or the fair value of the collateral for
    collateral-dependent loans. A loan is impaired when it meets the criteria to
    be placed on nonaccrual status. Loans that are evaluated for impairment are
    assessed on a loan-by-loan basis and include only commercial nonaccrual
    loans. Large groups of smaller, homogeneous loans, such as credit cards,
    student loans, residential mortgages, and other student loans, are evaluated
    collectively for impairment.

                                   (Continued)

57

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued

    The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate
    to provide for potential losses in the portfolio. The allowance is increased
    by provisions charged to operating expenses and reduced by charge-offs net
    of recoveries. Management's determination of the adequacy of the allowance
    is based on continuous credit reviews of the loan portfolio, consideration
    of the current economic conditions, review of specific problem loans, and
    other relevant factors. This evaluation is subjective as it requires
    material estimates, including the amounts and timing of future cash flows
    expected to be received on impaired loans that may be susceptible to
    significant change. However, actual losses on specific loans, which are
    encompassed in the analysis, may vary from estimated losses. The allowance
    is an accounting estimate subject to short-term changes based on the outcome
    of periodic analysis.

    Bank Premises and Equipment

    Bank premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
    depreciation. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the
    estimated useful lives of the assets. Amortization of leasehold improvements
    is computed over the shorter of the related lease term or the useful life of
    the assets.

    Income Taxes

    The liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax
    assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial
    reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the
    enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are
    expected to reverse.

    Earnings (Loss) Per Share

    Basic EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to
    common shareholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during
    the period. Diluted EPS takes into account the potential dilution that could
    occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised
    and converted into common stock.

    Stock-based Compensation

    SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, as amended by SFAS
    No. 148, contains a fair value-based method for valuing stock-based
    compensation that entities may use, which measures compensation cost at the
    grant date based on the fair value of the award. Compensation is then
    recognized over the service period, which is usually the vesting period.
    Alternatively, SFAS No. 123 permits entities to continue accounting for
    employee stock options and similar equity instruments under Accounting
    Principles Board (APB) Opinion 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.
    Entities that continue to account for stock options using APB Opinion 25 are
    required to make pro forma disclosures of net income and earnings per share,
    as if the fair value-based method of accounting defined in SFAS No. 123 had
    been applied.

    At December 31, 2005, the Company had one stock-based employee compensation
    plan, which is more fully described in note 13. The Bank accounts for this
    plan under the recognition and measurement principles of APB No. 25,
    Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and related interpretations.
    Stock-based employee compensation

                                   (Continued)

58

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued

    costs are not reflected in net income, as all options granted under the
    plans had an exercise price equal to the market value of the underlying
    common stock on the date of grant.

    The following table illustrates the effect on net income (loss) per share if
    the Bank had applied the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123,
    to stock-based employee compensation (in thousands, except per share
    amounts).

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using
    the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average
    assumptions used for grants in 1998: no dividends declared; expected
    volatility of 20%; a risk-free interest rate of 4.7%, and expected life of
    10 years.

    Off-Balance-Sheet Financial Instruments

    In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has entered into
    off-balance-sheet financial instruments consisting of commitments to extend
    credit and letters of credit. Such financial instruments are recorded in the
    financial statements when they become payable.

    Financial Instruments

    The following methods and assumptions were used by the Bank in estimating
    its fair value disclosures for financial instruments:

    Cash and cash equivalents: The carrying amounts reported in the balance
    sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximate those assets' fair values.

    Investment securities: Fair values for investment securities are based on
    quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not
    available, fair values are based on quoted market prices of comparable
    instruments. The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable approximates
    fair market value.

(Continued)

59

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued

    Loans held-for-sale: Fair values are estimated using quoted rates based upon
    secondary market sources for similar loans.

    Loans: The fair value of loans was estimated using a discounted cash flow
    analysis, which considered estimated prepayments and amortizations.
    Prepayments and discount rates were based on current marketplace estimates
    and pricing. Residential mortgage loans were discounted at the current
    effective yield, including fees, of conventional loans, adjusted for their
    maturities with a spread to the Treasury yield curve. The carrying amount of
    accrued interest receivable approximates fair market value.

    Deposit liabilities: The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g.,
    interest and noninterest checking, passbook savings, and certain types of
    money market accounts) are equal to the amounts payable on demand at the
    reporting date (e.g., their carrying amounts). The carrying amounts for
    variable-rate, fixed-term money market accounts and certificates of deposit
    approximate the fair values at the reporting date. Fair values for
    fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash
    flow calculation. The Treasury Yield Curve was utilized for discounting cash
    flows as it approximates the average marketplace certificate of deposit
    rates across the relevant maturity spectrum. Commitments to extend credit:
    The carrying amounts for commitments to extend credit approximate fair value
    as such commitments are not substantially different from the fees currently
    charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining
    terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the
    counterparts. The carrying amount of accrued interest payable approximates
    fair market value.

    Intangible Assets

    On September 24, 1999, the Bank acquired four branches from First Union
    Corporation with deposits totaling $31.5 million. As a result of the
    acquisition, the Bank recorded a core deposit intangible of 2,449,488. The
    core deposit intangible is being amortized over 14 years. Amortization
    totaled $178,078 for each of the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and
    2003, respectively. The amortization of the intangible will be $178,078 for
    each of the next five years.

    Intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment when events or
    changed circumstances may affect the underlying basis of the net asset. Such
    reviews include an analysis of current results and take into consideration
    the discounted value of projected operating cash flows. The core deposit
    intangible was tested for impairment. No impairment has been recognized.

    Foreclosed Real Estate

    Real estate properties acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure are
    to be sold and are initially recorded at fair value at the date of
    foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. After foreclosure, valuations
    are periodically performed by management, and the real estate is carried at
    the lower of carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. Revenue
    and expenses from operations and changes in valuation allowance are charged
    to operations. The historical average holding period for such properties is
    24 months.

                                   (Continued)

60

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued

    Management's Use of Estimates

    The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting
    principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
    management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
    reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
    could differ from those estimates. Material estimates which are particularly
    susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the market
    value of investment securities, the determination of the allowance for loan
    losses, valuation of other real estate, and consideration of impairment of
    other intangible assets.

    Segments

    SFAS No. 131 establishes standards for the way public business enterprises
    report information about operating segments in annual financial statements
    and requires that those enterprises report selected information about
    operating segments in subsequent interim financial reports issued to
    shareholders. It also establishes standards for related disclosures about
    products and services, geographic areas, and major customers. The statement
    requires that a public business enterprise report financial and descriptive
    information about its reportable operating segments. Operating segments are
    components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is
    available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision-maker
    in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. The statement
    also requires that public enterprises report a measure of segment profit or
    loss, certain specific revenue and expense items and segment assets. It also
    requires that information be reported about revenues derived from the
    enterprises' products or services, or about the countries in which the
    enterprises earn revenues and hold assets, and about major customers,
    regardless of whether that information is used in making operating
    decisions.

    The Company has one reportable segment, "Community Banking." All of the
    Company's activities are interrelated, and each activity is dependent and
    assessed based on how each of the activities of the Company supports the
    other. For example, commercial lending is dependent upon the ability of the
    Bank to fund itself with retail deposits and other borrowings and to manage
    interest rate and credit risk. This situation is also similar for consumer
    and residential mortgage lending. Accordingly, all significant operating
    decisions are based upon analysis of the Company as one operating segment or
    unit.

    Reclassifications

    Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year's financial
    statements to conform to the 2005 presentation.

Comprehensive Income

    Comprehensive income includes net income as well as certain other items that
    result in a change to equity during the period. The components of other
    comprehensive income (loss) are as follows:

(Continued)

61

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued

62

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

2.  REGULATORY AGREEMENT

     In February 2000, as a result of a regulatory examination completed in
     December 1999, the Bank entered into a Written Agreement (Agreement) with
     its primary regulators with regard to, among other things, achievement of
     agreed-upon capital levels, implementation of a viable earnings/strategic
     plan, adequate funding of the allowance for loan losses, the completion of
     a management review and succession plan, and improvement in internal
     controls. The current Agreement requires the Bank to increase its capital
     ratio to 6.5% by June 30, 2000 and to 7% at all times thereafter. As of
     December 31, 2000, the Bank had met the required ratios by implementing
     strategies that included: increasing profitability, consolidating branches,
     and soliciting new and additional sources of capital. At December 31, 2003,
     the Bank's tier one leverage capital ratio had fallen to 6.81%, below the
     7% minimum capital ratio required by the Agreement. However, by February
     2004, the tier one leverage ratio had improved to 7.29%. Subsequently, as a
     result of a re-capitalization plan including the sale of bank-owned real
     estate for a gain of $1.9 million, the Bank's tier one leverage ratio
     improved to 9.49% at December 31, 2004. At December 31, 2005, the Bank's
     tier one leverage ratio was 9.47%.

    With the stabilization of the Bank's capital position, management has turned
    its attention to increasing profitability. A strategic plan has been adopted
    for 2006 that focuses on core growth strategies for loans and deposits.
    These strategies include the introduction of "signature" deposit products
    with attractive interest rates coupled with alternative delivery channels
    including internet banking and remote deposit capture. In addition, the Bank
    has designated regional business development officers in the regions
    surrounding each of its three branches to solicit loan and deposit business,
    These strategies allow the Bank to penetrate the market place without adding
    additional branches to the network. While expense reductions will continue
    to be sought, management believes that a greater impact will be realized
    with increased deposit levels and loan originations that result increased
    net interest income. As a result of all of the actions referred to above,
    Management believes that the Bank is substantially in compliance with the
    Agreement's terms and conditions. Management continues to address all
    matters outlined in the Agreement. Failure to comply could result in
    additional regulatory supervision and/or actions.

3.  CASH AND DUE FROM BANK BALANCES

    The Bank maintains various deposit accounts with other banks to meet normal
    fund transaction requirements and to compensate other banks for certain
    correspondent services. The withdrawal or usage restrictions of these
    balances did not have a significant impact on the operations of the Bank as
    of December 31, 2005.

63

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

4.  INVESTMENTS

    The amortized cost, gross unrealized holding gains and losses, and estimated
    market value of the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment
    securities by major security type at December 31, 2005 and 2004 are as
    follows:

64

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

4.  INVESTMENTS- Continued

    The table below indicates the length of time individual securities, both
    held-to-maturity and available-for-sale, have been in a continuous
    unrealized loss position at December 31, 2005 (in thousands):

Management does not believe any individual unrealized loss as of December
    31, 2005 and 2004 represents other-than-temporary impairment. The unrealized
    losses on these securities are caused by the changes in general market
    interest rates. All securities with unrealized losses are reviewed by
    management at least quarterly to determine whether the unrealized losses are
    other-than-temporary. The Company believes it will collect all amounts
    contractually due on these securities as they are backed by the full faith
    and credit of the U.S. Government or are guaranteed by an agency of the U.S.
    Government. The Company has the ability and the intent to hold these
    securities until market price recovery or maturity.

(Continued)

65

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

4.  INVESTMENTS - Continued

    Maturities of investment securities classified as available-for-sale and
    held-to-maturity at December 31, 2005 were as follows. Expected maturities
    may differ from contractual maturities.

No securities were sold during 2005. The Bank recorded a gross gain of
    $31,115 on the sale of investments during the year ended December 31, 2004.
    No securities were sold during 2003.

    As of December 31, 2005 and 2004, investment securities with a book value of
    $11,780,583 and $11,459,636, were pledged as collateral to secure public
    deposits and for other purposes required or permitted by law.

66

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

5.  LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES

    The composition of the net loans is as follows:

As of December 31, 2004, the Bank had student loans with a book value of
    $1,412,554 that were held-for-sale.

    At December 31, 2005 and 2004, unamortized deferred fees and costs totaled
    $127,714 and $139,296, respectively.

    As of December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Bank had loans to certain officers and
    directors and their affiliated interests in aggregate dollar amounts of
    $856,473 and $1,074,000, respectively. During 2005, there were $125,000 in
    new loans to related parties and repayments amounted to $258,000. During
    2004, there were $236,000 in new loans to related parties and repayments
    amounted to $81,000.

    The Bank identifies a loan as impaired when it is probable that interest and
    principal will not be collected according to the contractual terms of the
    loan agreement. The Bank recognizes income on impaired loans under the cash
    basis when the loans are both current and the collateral on the loan is
    sufficient to cover the outstanding obligation to the Bank. If these factors
    do not exist, the Bank will not recognize income on such loans.

    Details on the Bank's non-performing loans are as follows:

(Continued)

67

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

5.  LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES - Continued

    Changes in the allowance for possible loan losses are as follows:

The Bank grants commercial, residential, and consumer loans to customers
    primarily located in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania and surrounding
    counties in the Delaware Valley. Although the Bank has a diversified loan
    portfolio, its debtors' ability to honor their contracts is influenced by
    the region's economy. At December 31, 2005, approximately 25% of the Bank's
    commercial loan portfolio was concentrated in loans made to religious
    organizations.

6.  BANK PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

    The major classes of bank premises and equipment and the total accumulated
    depreciation are as follows:

The Bank leases other facilities and other equipment under non-cancelable
    operating lease agreements. The amount of expense for operating leases for
    the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003 was $340,638, $277,850,
    and $329,878.

    Future minimum lease payments under operating leases are as follows:

                                                                   Operating
       Year ending December 31,                                     leases

       2006.................................................     $    310,227

       2007.................................................          316,808
       2008.................................................          312,599
       2009.................................................          266,389
       2010.................................................          202,530
          Thereafter........................................          929,916
                                                                   ----------

       Total minimum lease payments.........................     $  2,338,469
                                                                  ===========

68

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

6.  BANK PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT-Continued

    In August 2005, the Bank assumed the remaining term from another financial
    institution of a lease for retail space on the ground level of its corporate
    headquarters. The Bank formed an alliance with a regional mortgage brokerage
    company and simultaneously subleased all except the lobby in which the
    automated teller machine (ATM) is located. The lease expires in September
    2009. The Bank's average aggregate gross monthly rental is $4,858 of which a
    tenant pays an average monthly rent of $3,358.

7.  DEPOSITS

    At December 31, 2005, the scheduled maturities of time deposits
    (certificates of deposit) are as follows (dollars in thousands):

       2006...............................     $      21,296

       2007...............................              647
       2008...............................              307
       2009...............................               90
       2010...............................              253
       Thereafter.........................               77
                                                 ----------
                                               $     22,670

8.  BORROWINGS

    As of December 31, 2005, the Bank has two borrowing arrangements available
    with financial institutions, collateralized by investment securities. One
    arrangement is a fully secured Federal Funds line of credit with a
    correspondent bank totaling $2 million, the second is a Master Repurchase
    Agreement with another financial institution. Borrowings under these
    agreements have interest rates that fluctuate based on market conditions. As
    of December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Bank had no borrowings outstanding.

9.  CAPITAL STOCK

    There were no capital stock transactions in 2005 and 2004.

    In June 2003, a shareholder of the Bank returned 33,500 shares of common
    stock and 6,308 shares of preferred Series A stock. These shares were
    returned for no consideration and were recorded as treasury stock by the
    Bank.

10. INCOME TAXES

    At December 31, 2005, the Bank has net operating loss carryforwards of
    approximately $4,610,000 for income tax purposes that expire in 2008 through
    2025.

    Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
    between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
    reporting purposes and the amount used for income tax purposes. For
    financial reporting purposes, a valuation allowance of $2,088,508 and
    $1,930,062 as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, has been
    recognized to offset the deferred tax assets related to the cumulative
    temporary differences and the tax loss carryforwards. Significant components
    of the Bank's deferred tax assets are as follows:

(Continued)

69

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

10.  INCOME TAXES - Continued

11. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT COMMITMENTS

    The Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in
    the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers.
    These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and letters
    of credit, which are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee
    the performance of an obligation of a customer to a third party. Both
    arrangements have credit risk essentially the same as that involved in
    extending loans and are subject to the Bank's normal credit policies.
    Collateral may be obtained based on management's assessment of the customer.
    The Bank's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the
    other party to the financial instruments is represented by the contractual
    amount of those instruments.

    Summaries of the Bank's financial instrument commitments are as follows:

                                                      2005             2004
                                                  ------------     ------------

       Commitments to extend credit............   $ 12,727,370     $ 13,749,562

       Outstanding letters of credit...........         10,000                -

    Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as
    there is no violation of any condition established in the contract and
    unused credit card lines. Since many of the commitments are expected to
    expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not
    necessarily represent future cash requirements. Commitments generally have
    fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment
    of a fee.

70

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

12.  FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    Fair value information about financial instruments is required to be
    disclosed, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, where it is
    practicable to estimate that value. In cases where quoted market prices are
    not available, fair values are based on estimates using discounted cash
    flows or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly
    affected by assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of
    future cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot
    be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases,
    could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instrument. Certain
    financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are exempt from
    disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts
    presented do not represent the underlying value of the Bank.

13.  EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION

    In November 2004, the Bank renewed the employment agreements of its chief
    executive officer and its chief financial officer covering such items as
    salaries, bonuses and benefits for three years. These agreements provide for
    guaranteed minimum annual compensation over the term of the contracts.

    In 1998, the Company adopted a Stock Option Plan with the approval of its
    shareholders. In accordance with the contractual terms with its former chief
    executive officer, the Bank granted the right to acquire up to 4% of the
    Bank's stock as of December 31, 1993 at $8.54 per share, which was the book
    value at the date of grant. Under this Plan, options to acquire shares of
    common stock were granted to the former chief executive officer. The Stock
    Option Plan provides for the granting of options at the fair market value of
    the Company's common stock at the time the options are granted. Each option
    granted under the Stock Option Plan may be exercised within a period of ten
    years from the date of grant. However, no option may be exercised within one
    year from the date of grant. In 1998, options to purchase 29,694 shares of
    the Company's common stock at a price of $8.54 per share were awarded, to
    the former chief executive officer. Those options remain outstanding at
    December 31, 2005. These options expire in 2008.

    The Company made no stock-based compensation awards to any employee during
    2005, 2004, and 2003.

71

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

14.  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION--PARENT COMPANY ONLY

72

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

15.  REGULATORY MATTERS

    The Bank engages in the commercial banking business, with a particular focus
    on serving Blacks, Hispanics and women, and is subject to substantial
    competition from financial institutions in the Bank's service area. As a
    bank holding company and a banking subsidiary, the Company and the Bank,
    respectively, are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board and the
    Pennsylvania Department of Banking and are required to maintain capital
    requirements established by those regulators. Prompt corrective actions may
    be taken by those regulators against banks that do not meet minimum capital
    requirements. Prompt corrective actions range from restriction or
    prohibition of certain activities to the appointment of a receiver or
    conservator of an institution's net assets. Failure to meet minimum capital
    requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional
    discretionary, actions by regulators that if undertaken, could have a direct
    material effect on the Bank's financial statements. Under capital adequacy
    guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank's assets,
    liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under
    regulatory accounting practices, the Bank's capital amounts and
    classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators
    about components, risk weightings and other factors.

    Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy
    require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the
    table below) of total Tier I capital (as defined in the regulations) for
    capital adequacy purposes to risk-weighted assets (as defined).

    The most recent notification from the Federal Reserve Bank categorized the
    Bank as "adequately capitalized" under the regulatory framework for prompt
    and corrective action. To be categorized as "well capitalized," the Bank
    must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier I risk-based, and Tier I
    leverage ratios as set forth in the table below. By typical regulatory
    guidelines the Bank is considered "well" capitalized, however, because it is
    operating with a Written Agreement, it is only considered to be "adequately"
    capitalized. The Bank's growth and other operating factors may have an
    adverse effect on its capital ratios.(Also see Note 2.
    REGULATORY AGREEMENT)

(Continued)

73

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

15.  REGULATORY MATTERS - Continued

Under the framework, the Bank's capital levels do not allow the Bank to
accept brokered deposits without prior approval from regulators. Historically,
the Bank has not accepted brokered deposits and management believes this
restriction does not significantly limit the Bank's ability to attract deposits
and maintain adequate liquidity.

74

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

15.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

    The Bank is a defendant in certain claims and legal actions arising in the
    ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, after
    consultation with legal counsel, the ultimate disposition of these matters
    is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
    financial condition of the Company.

16.  EARNINGS PER SHARE COMPUTATION

    In accordance with SFAS No. 128, income (loss) per share is calculated as
    follows:

Options to purchase 29,694 shares of common stock are included in the
    computation of diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2004.

         The preferred stock is non cumulative and the Company is restricted
    from paying dividends. Therefore, no effect of the preferred stock is
    included in the earnings per share calculations.

75

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

17.  SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

    The following summarizes the consolidated results of operations during 2005
    and 2004, on a quarterly basis, for United Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary:

76

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

10.  INCOME TAXES - Continued

11.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT COMMITMENTS

    The Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in
    the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers.
    These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and letters
    of credit, which are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee
    the performance of an obligation of a customer to a third party. Both
    arrangements have credit risk essentially the same as that involved in
    extending loans and are subject to the Bank's normal credit policies.
    Collateral may be obtained based on management's assessment of the customer.
    The Bank's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the
    other party to the financial instruments is represented by the contractual
    amount of those instruments.

    Summaries of the Bank's financial instrument commitments are as follows:

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as
    there is no violation of any condition established in the contract and
    unused credit card lines. Since many of the commitments are expected to
    expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not
    necessarily represent future cash requirements. Commitments generally have
    fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment
    of a fee.

77

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

12.  FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    Fair value information about financial instruments is required to be
    disclosed, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, where it is
    practicable to estimate that value. In cases where quoted market prices are
    not available, fair values are based on estimates using discounted cash
    flows or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly
    affected by assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of
    future cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot
    be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases,
    could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instrument. Certain
    financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are exempt from
    disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts
    presented do not represent the underlying value of the Bank.

13.  EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION

    In November 2004, the Bank renewed the employment agreements of its chief
    executive officer and its chief financial officer covering such items as
    salaries, bonuses and benefits for three years. These agreements provide for
    guaranteed minimum annual compensation over the term of the contracts.

    In 1998, the Company adopted a Stock Option Plan with the approval of its
    shareholders. In accordance with the contractual terms with its former chief
    executive officer, the Bank granted the right to acquire up to 4% of the
    Bank's stock as of December 31, 1993 at $8.54 per share, which was the book
    value at the date of grant. Under this Plan, options to acquire shares of
    common stock were granted to the former chief executive officer. The Stock
    Option Plan provides for the granting of options at the fair market value of
    the Company's common stock at the time the options are granted. Each option
    granted under the Stock Option Plan may be exercised within a period of ten
    years from the date of grant. However, no option may be exercised within one
    year from the date of grant. In 1998, options to purchase 29,694 shares of
    the Company's common stock at a price of $8.54 per share were awarded, to
    the former chief executive officer. Those options remain outstanding at
    December 31, 2005. These options expire in 2008.

    The Company made no stock-based compensation awards to any employee during
    2005, 2004, and 2003.

78

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

14.  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION--PARENT COMPANY ONLY

                            Condensed Balance Sheets

79

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

15.  REGULATORY MATTERS

    The Bank engages in the commercial banking business, with a particular focus
    on serving Blacks, Hispanics and women, and is subject to substantial
    competition from financial institutions in the Bank's service area. As a
    bank holding company and a banking subsidiary, the Company and the Bank,
    respectively, are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board and the
    Pennsylvania Department of Banking and are required to maintain capital
    requirements established by those regulators. Prompt corrective actions may
    be taken by those regulators against banks that do not meet minimum capital
    requirements. Prompt corrective actions range from restriction or
    prohibition of certain activities to the appointment of a receiver or
    conservator of an institution's net assets. Failure to meet minimum capital
    requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional
    discretionary, actions by regulators that if undertaken, could have a direct
    material effect on the Bank's financial statements. Under capital adequacy
    guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank's assets,
    liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under
    regulatory accounting practices, the Bank's capital amounts and
    classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators
    about components, risk weightings and other factors.

    Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy
    require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the
    table below) of total Tier I capital (as defined in the regulations) for
    capital adequacy purposes to risk-weighted assets (as defined).

    The most recent notification from the Federal Reserve Bank categorized the
    Bank as "adequately capitalized" under the regulatory framework for prompt
    and corrective action. To be categorized as "well capitalized," the Bank
    must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier I risk-based, and Tier I
    leverage ratios as set forth in the table below. By typical regulatory
    guidelines the Bank is considered "well" capitalized, however, because it is
    operating with a Written Agreement, it is only considered to be "adequately"
    capitalized. The Bank's growth and other operating factors may have an
    adverse effect on its capital ratios.(Also see Note 2.
    REGULATORY AGREEMENT)

(Continued)

80

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

15.  REGULATORY MATTERS - Continued

The Bank's actual capital amounts and ratios are as follows:

Under the framework, the Bank's capital levels do not allow the Bank to
accept brokered deposits without prior approval from regulators. Historically,
the Bank has not accepted brokered deposits and management believes this
restriction does not significantly limit the Bank's ability to attract deposits
and maintain adequate liquidity.

81

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

15.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

    The Bank is a defendant in certain claims and legal actions arising in the
    ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, after
    consultation with legal counsel, the ultimate disposition of these matters
    is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
    financial condition of the Company.

16.  EARNINGS PER SHARE COMPUTATION

     In accordance with SFAS No. 128, income (loss) per share is calculated as
follows:

Options to purchase 29,694 shares of common stock are included in the
computation of diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2004.

         The preferred stock is non cumulative and the Company is restricted
    from paying dividends. Therefore, no effect of the preferred stock is
    included in the earnings per share calculations.

82

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                        December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003

17.  SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

    The following summarizes the consolidated results of operations during 2005
    and 2004, on a quarterly basis, for United Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary:

      (Dollars in thousands)

83

<EX-10>
 2
 ex10-e.txt
 EXHIBIT 10(E)
 
                                        Exhibit 10.e Smalls Employment Agreement

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, effective as of November 1, 2004 (the "Effective
Date") between United Bank of Philadelphia, a bank organized and incorporated
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, with offices at 300 North
Third Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19106 (the "Bank") and Evelyn Smalls
(the "Executive").

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Bank is a Pennsylvania bank, incorporated on September 17, 1990 as
a Pennsylvania-charted commercial bank; and

WHEREAS, the Executive is currently serving as President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Bank; and

WHEREAS. the Bank desires to continue to have the benefits of the Executive's
services as President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive desires to
continue to serve in such capacity for the Bank;

WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Employment Agreement setting
forth the terms and conditions of the employment relationship between the Bank
and the Executive;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants
contained herein the Bank and the Executive, each intending to be legally bound
hereby. agree as follows:

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                                  EVELYN SMALLS
                                   Page 1 of 7

1. Duties and Term.

a. Duties and Authority. The Bank hereby employs the Executive to serve in the
capacity of President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank and the Executive
agrees to continue in employment in such capacity with the Bank from the
Effective Date hereof through the term of this Agreement. As President and Chief
Executive Officer, the Executive shall be responsible for the day-to-day
operations and overall management of the Bank, promote the Bank in the minority
community and with the public in general and perform such additional duties of a
managerial or executive nature consistent with her title as will promote the
profitability and growth of the Bank or as the Board of Directors of the Bank
(the "Board") may from time to time reasonably direct.

b. Devotion to Duties. During the term of this Agreement, the Executive will
devote substantially all of her skill, knowledge and working time to the
conscientious performance of her duties, except for vacation time in accordance
with the Employer's vacation policies and Section 2(e), absence for sickness or
similar disability in accordance with the Employer's paid time off policies, and
authorized leaves of absence. To the extent that it does not significantly
interfere with the performance of the Executive's duties hereunder, it shall not
be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (i) serve on corporate,
civic or charitable boards or committees, if and to the extent approved by the
Board. and (ii) manage personal investments.

c. Term of Agreement. The term of the Executive's employment under this
Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall
continue until October 31, 2007 unless the employment of the Executive is sooner
terminated pursuant to Section 3, 4, or 5 of this Agreement. The term of this
Agreement shall be extended upon agreement of the parties at any time prior to
the expiration date. The period during which the

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                                  EVELYN SMALLS
                                   Page 2 of 7

Executive is employed pursuant to this Agreement shall be referred to as the
"Employment Term." 2. Compensation.

a. Base Salary. During the first year of the Employment Term, the Bank shall pay
the Executive an annual base salary ("Base Salary") of $160,000 payable in equal
bi-weekly installments or as the parties otherwise agree. The Board will review
the Executive's Base Salary annually during the Executive's Employment Period
and, at its discretion, may increase (but not decrease) such Base Salary from
time to time based upon the performance of the Executive, the financial
condition of the Employer, prevailing industry salary scales and such other
factors as the Board shall consider relevant. Any increase in annual Base Salary
shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under
this Agreement.

b. Annual Bonus. During each year of the Employment Term, the Executive shall
have the opportunity to receive an annual cash bonus ("Annual Bonus") for each
fiscal year. The target Annual. Bonus potential each year applicable to the
Executive shall be 30% of her Base Salary, and the maximum Annual Bonus shall
not exceed 45% of her Base Salary. The Annual Bonus for each fiscal year shall
be determined by the Board based on the Bank's achievement of specified
financial performance targets for such fiscal year, which are set in advance of
such fiscal year by the Board.

c. Employee Benefit Plans. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be
entitled to participate in all retirement, health and other welfare plans
maintained by the Bank. as they may lie established or amended from time to
time, at levels commensurate with her then current period of service,
compensation, and position.

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                                  EVELYN SMALLS
                                   Page 3 of 7

d. Life Insurance. The Bank shall provide term life insurance on the life of the
Executive payable to the beneficiary designated by the Executive in an amount
equal to two times her Base Salary.

e. Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of vacation per
year, which shall be taken at such time or times as the Executive and the Bank
reasonably agree.

f. Reimbursement of Expenses. The Bank shall reimburse the Executive for all
items of travel, entertainment and other expense reasonably incurred by her on
behalf of the Bank upon presentation to the Bank of appropriate documentation
reflecting such items of expense.

g. Automobile Allowance. The Bank shall reimburse the Executive for the cost of
leasing an automobile and the cost of insurance on such automobile up to a
maximum amount of $500 per month.

3. Death or Total Disability of the Executive.

a. Death. In the event of the death of the Executive during the Employment Term,
this Agreement shall terminate effective as of the date of the Executive's
death, and the Bank shall not have any further obligations or liability
hereunder, except as set forth in Section 5 hereof.

b. Total Disability. In the event of the Total Disability, as that term is
defined in this Section 3(b), of the Executive for a period of 90 consecutive
days during the Employment Term, the Bank shall have the right to terminate the
Executive's employment hereunder after such 90 consecutive days of Total
Disability by giving the Executive 30 days' written notice thereof and, upon
expiration of such 30-day period, this Agreement shall terminate and the Bank
shall not have any further obligations or liability hereunder- except as set
forth in Section 5 hereof. The term "Total Disability," as used in this Section
3(b), shall mean a mental, emotional or physical

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                                  EVELYN SMALLS
                                   Page 4 of 7

injury, illness or incapacity which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bank,
renders the Executive unable to perform the principal duties, functions and
responsibilities required of her hereunder,

4. Discharge for Cause. The Bank may immediately discharge the Executive and
terminate her employment hereunder for the following reasons: (i) conviction for
commission of any felony, or an equivalent offense involving dishonesty with
respect to the Bank, during the Employment Term; (ii) the willful engaging by
the Executive in conduct or willfully failing to act in accordance with her
duties, which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Bank, whether
monetarily or otherwise, including acts and omissions that constitute gross
negligence; (iii) the Executive's commission of an act of material dishonesty or
fraud in her duties; (iv) the continual and willful failure to perform her
duties after being given a 30-day written notice thereof and a reasonable
opportunity to be heard and improve; or (v) her breach of any fiduciary duty
owing to the Bank. No act or failure to act by an Executive shall be considered
"willful" unless done or not done by the Executive in bad faith and without
reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the best
interest of the Bank. Upon discharge by the Bank in accordance with this Section
4. this Agreement shall terminate and the Bank shall not have any further
obligations or liability hereunder, other than as set forth in Section 5 hereof.

5. Termination of this Agreement for Reasons Other than Discharge for Cause.

a. General. Except as otherwise provided in Section 5(b). upon termination of
this Agreement, all obligations of the Bank and the Executive shall immediately
cease; provided, however. the Bank shall pay the Executive the unpaid portion,
if any, of the Executive's Base Salary accrued for the period up to the date of
termination and payable to the Executive pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, and
all vested. nonforfeitable amounts owing and accrued at the date of termination
under any compensation or benefit plan, program, or arrangements in which the

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                                  EVELYN SMALLS
                                   Page 5 of 7

Executive theretofore participated, under the terms and conditions of such
plans, programs, and arrangements.

6. Amendments. No provisions of the Agreement may be modified, waived, or
discharged unless such modification, waiver or discharge is approved by the
Board or a person authorized thereby and is agreed to in writing by the
Executive and such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board. No
waiver by any party hereto at any time of any breach by any other party hereto
of, or in compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be
performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar
provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No
waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be implied from any course of
dealing between or among the parties hereto or from any failure by any party
hereto to assert its rights hereunder on any occasion or series of occasions.

7. Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be or become invalid. illegal or unenforceable in any respect,
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained
herein shall not be affected thereby.

8. Construction. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to
conflicts of law principles, except as insofar as federal law may be applicable.

9. Assignment. This Agreement is personal to each of the parties. Neither party
may assign or delegate any of its, or her, rights or obligations without the
prior written consent of the other.

10. Notices. All notices, consents and other communications to be given
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the
parties at their respective addresses set forth in the first

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                                  EVELYN SMALLS
                                   Page 6 of 7

paragraph of this Agreement. Any party may from time to time change its address
for purposes of notices to that party by notice specifying a new address, but no
change shall be deemed to have been given until it is actually received by the
party to whom the notice is being given.

11. Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof, and all promises, representations, understandings,
arrangements and prior agreements relating to such subject matter (including
those made to or with the Executive by any other person or entity) are merged
herein and superseded hereby.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the Bank and by
the Executive this 21st day of December 2004.

UNITED BANK OF PHILADELPHIA

BY:   /s/   Chairman of the Board

/s/  Evelyn Smalls
- -------------------
     Evelyn Smalls

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                                  EVELYN SMALLS
                                   Page 7 of 7

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 ex10-f.txt
 EXHIBIT 10(F)
 
                                 Exhibit 10.f Hudson-Nelson Employment Agreement

                             EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, effective as of November 1, 2004 (the "Effective
Date") between United Bank of Philadelphia, a bank organized and incorporated
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, with offices at 300 North
Third Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19106 (the "Bank") and Brenda-Hudson
Nelson (the "Executive").

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Bank is a Pennsylvania bank, incorporated on September 17, 1990 as
a Pennsylvania-charted commercial bank; and

WHEREAS, the Executive is currently serving as Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of the Bank; and

WHEREAS, the Bank desires to continue to have the benefits of the Executive's
services as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and the Executive
desires to continue to serve in such capacity for the Bank:

WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Employment Agreement setting
forth the terms and conditions of the employment relationship between the Bank
and the Executive;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants
contained herein the Bank and the Executive, each intending to be legally bound
hereby, agree as follows:

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                              BRENDA HUDSON-NELSON
                                   Page 1 of 7

1. Duties and Term.

a. Duties and Authority. The Bank hereby employs the Executive to serve in the
capacity of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank and
the Executive agrees to continue in employment in such capacity with the Bank
from the Effective Date hereof through the term of this Agreement. As Senior
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Executive shall be responsible
for financial and operational matters of the Bank and perform such additional
duties of a managerial or executive nature consistent with her title as will
promote the profitability and growth of the Bank or as the President and Chief
Executive Officer or the Board of Directors of the Bank (the "Board") may from
time to time reasonably direct.

b. Devotion to Duties. During the term of this Agreement, the Executive will
devote substantially all of her skill, knowledge and working time to the
conscientious performance of her duties, except for vacation time in accordance
with the Employer's vacation policies and Section 2(e), absence for sickness or
similar disability in accordance with the Employer's paid time off policies, and
authorized leaves of absence. To the extent that it does not significantly
interfere with the performance of the Executive's duties hereunder, it shall not
be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (i) serve on corporate,
civic or charitable boards or committees, if and to the extent approved by the
Board, and (ii) manage personal investments.

c. Term of Agreement. The term of the Executive's employment under this
Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall
continue until October 31, 2007, unless the employment of the Executive is
sooner terminated pursuant to Section 3.4, or 5 of this Agreement. The term of
this Agreement shall be extended upon agreement of the parties at any time prior
to the expiration date. The period during which the Executive is employed
pursuant to this Agreement shall be referred to as the "Employment Term."

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                              BRENDA HUDSON-NELSON
                                   Page 2 of 7

2. Compensation.

a. Base Salary. During the first year of the Employment Term, the Bank shall pay
the Executive an annual base salary ("Base Salary") of $115,000 payable in equal
bi-weekly installments or as the parties otherwise agree. The Board will review
the Executive's Base Salary annually during the Executive's Employment Period
and, at its discretion, may increase (but not decrease) such Base Salary from
time to time based upon the performance of the Executive, the financial
condition of the Employer, prevailing industry salary scales and such other
factors as the Board shall consider relevant. Any increase in annual Base Salary
shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under
this Agreement.

b. Annual Bonus. During each year of the Employment Term, the Executive shall
have the opportunity to receive an annual cash bonus ("Annual Bonus") for each
fiscal year. The target Annual Bonus potential each year applicable to the
Executive shall be 22% of her Base Salary, and the maximum Annual Bonus shall
not exceed 33% of her Base Salary. The Annual Bonus for each fiscal year shall
be determined by the Board based on the Bank's achievement of specified
financial performance targets for such fiscal year, which are set in advance of
such fiscal year by the Board.

c. Employee Benefit Plans. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be
entitled to participate in all retirement, health and other welfare plans
maintained by the Bank, as they may be established or amended from time to time,
at levels commensurate with her then current period of service, compensation,
and position.

d. Life Insurance. The Bank shall provide term life insurance on the life of the
Executive payable to the beneficiary designated by the Executive in an amount
equal to two times her Base Salary.

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                              BRENDA HUDSON-NELSON
                                   Page 3 of 7

e. Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of vacation per
year, which shall be taken at such time or times as the Executive and the Bank
reasonably agree.

f. Reimbursement of Expenses. The Bank shall reimburse the Executive for all
items of travel, entertainment and other expense reasonably incurred by her on
behalf of the Bank upon presentation to the Bank of appropriate documentation
reflecting such items of expense.

g. Automobile Allowance. The Bank shall reimburse the Executive for the cost of
leasing an automobile and the cost of insurance on such automobile up to a
maximum amount of $500 per month.

3. Death or Total Disabilitv of the Executive.

a. Death. In the event of the death of the Executive during the
Employment Term, this Agreement shall terminate effective as of the date of the
Executive's death, and the Bank shall not have any further obligations or
liability hereunder, except as set forth in Section 5 hereof.

b. Total Disability. In the event of the Total Disability, as that term is
defined in this Section 3(b), of the Executive for a period of 90 consecutive
days during the Employment Term, the Bank shall have the right to terminate the
Executive's employment hereunder after such 90 consecutive days of Total
Disability by giving the Executive 30 days' written notice thereof and, upon
expiration of such 30-day period, this Agreement shall terminate and the Bank
shall not have any further obligations or liability hereunder except as set
forth in Section 5 hereof. The term "Total Disability." as used in this Section
3(b), shall mean a mental, emotional or physical injury, illness or incapacity
which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bank, renders the Executive unable to
perform the principal duties, functions and responsibilities required of her
hereunder.

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                              BRENDA HUDSON-NELSON
                                   Page 4 of 7

4. Discharge for Cause. The Bank may immediately discharge the Executive and
terminate her employment hereunder for the following reasons: (i) conviction for
commission of any felony, or an equivalent offense involving dishonesty with
respect to the Bank, during the Employment Term; (ii) the willful engaging by
the Executive in conduct or willfully failing to act in accordance with her
duties, which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Bank, whether
monetarily or otherwise, including acts and omissions that constitute gross
negligence: (iii) the Executive's commission of an act of material dishonesty or
fraud in her duties; (iv) the continual and willful failure to perform her
duties after being given a 30-day written notice thereof and a reasonable
opportunity to be heard and improve; or (v) her breach of any fiduciary duty
owing to the Bank. No act or failure to act by an Executive shall be considered
"willful" unless done or not done by the Executive in bad faith and without
reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the best
interest of the Bank. Upon discharge by the Bank in accordance with this Section
4, this Agreement shall terminate and the Bank shall not have any further
obligations or liability hereunder, other than as set forth in Section 5 hereof.

5. Termination of this Agreement for Reasons Other than Discharge for Cause.

a. General. Except as otherwise provided in Section 5(b), upon termination of
this Agreement, all obligations of the Bank and the Executive shall immediately
cease; provided, however, the Bank shall pay the Executive the unpaid portion,
if any, of the Executive's Base Salary accrued for the period up to the date of
termination and payable to the Executive pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, and
all vested, nonforfeitable amounts owing and accrued at the date of termination
under any compensation or benefit plan, program, or arrangements in which the
Executive theretofore participated, under the terms and conditions of such
plans, programs, and arrangements.

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                              BRENDA HUDSON-NELSON
                                   Page 5 of 7

6. Amendments. No provisions of the Agreement may be modified, waived, or
discharged unless such modification, waiver or discharge is approved by the
Board or a person authorized thereby and is agreed to in writing by the
Executive and such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board. No
waiver by any party hereto at any time of any breach by any other party hereto
of, or in compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be
performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar
provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No
waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be implied from any course of
dealing between or among the parties hereto or from any failure by any party
hereto to assert its rights hereunder on any occasion or series of occasions.

7. Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect,
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained
herein shall not be affected thereby.

8. Construction. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to
conflicts of law principles, except as insofar as federal law may be applicable.

9. Assignment. This Agreement is personal to each of the parties. Neither party
may assign or delegate any of its, or her, rights or obligations without the
prior written consent of the other.

10. Notices. All notices, consents and other communications to be given
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the
parties at their respective addresses set forth in the first paragraph of this
Agreement. Any party may from time to time change its address for purposes of
notices to that party by notice specifying a new address, but no change shall be
deemed to have been given until it is actually received by the party to whom the
notice is being given.

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                              BRENDA HUDSON-NELSON
                                   Page 6 of 7

11. Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof, and all promises, representations, understandings,
arrangements and prior agreements relating to such subject matter (including
those made to or with the Executive by any other person or entity) are merged
herein and superseded hereby.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the Bank and by the

Executive this 21st day of December , 2004.

UNITED BANK OF PHILADELPHIA

BY:  /s/  Chairman of the Board

/s/  Brenda Hudson-Nelson
- ----------------------------
Brenda Hudson-Nelson

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH
                              BRENDA HUDSON-NELSON
                                   Page 7 of 7

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 ex10-h.txt
 EXHIBIT 10(H)

SUB-LEASE AGREEMENT

                                 by and between

                          CITIZENS BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA

                                  (as Landlord)

                                       and

                           UNITED BANK OF PHILADELPHIA

                                   (as Tenant)

Date: July 1, 2005

Page
                                                                    ----
                           TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.   Definitions......................................................1
2.   Prime Lease and Premises.........................................3
3.   As Is Condition of Premises......................................4
4.   Use of Premises..................................................4
5.   Fixed Basic Rent.................................................4
6.   Additional Rent; Tenant's Personalty.............................4
7.   Operating Costs; Real Estate Taxes...............................4
8.   Interest and Late Charge.........................................5
9.   Indemnification..................................................5
10.  Insurance........................................................5
11.  Repairs and Maintenance..........................................8
12.  Utilities and Services...........................................8
13.  Governmental Regulations.........................................9
14.  Alterations, Additions and Fixtures..............................9
15.  Mechanic's Liens................................................10
16.  Landlord's Right of Entry.......................................11
17.  Damage by Fire or Other Casualty; Condemnation..................11
18.  Non-Abatement of Rent...........................................12
19.  Quiet Enjoyment.................................................12
20.  Rules and Regulations...........................................12
21.  Assignment and Sublease.........................................12
22.  Subordination...................................................12
23.  Curing Tenant's Defaults........................................13
24.  Surrender.......................................................13
25.  Defaults-Remedies...............................................13
26.  Condition of Premises...........................................17
27.  Hazardous Substances............................................17
28.  Recording.......................................................18
29.  Broker..........................................................18
30.  Prime Landlord Consent..........................................18
31.  Notices.........................................................18
32.  Irrevocable Offer:  No Option...................................19
33.  Inability to Perform............................................19
34.  Survival........................................................19
35.  Corporate Tenants...............................................19
36.  Waiver of Invalidity of Lease...................................19
37.  Rights Reserved by Landlord.....................................19
38.  Miscellaneous...................................................20

EXHIBIT A - PREMISES
EXHIBIT B - PRIME LEASE

                                       -i-

SUB-LEASE AGREEMENT
                               -------------------

                  THIS SUB-LEASE AGREEMENT (the "Lease") is made as of July 1,
2005 by and between CITIZENS BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, a Pennsylvania banking
corporation ("Landlord") whose address is 801 Market Street, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 19101, and UNITED BANK OF PHILADELPHIA, a Pennsylvania banking
corporation ( "Tenant") whose address is 30 South 15th Street, Suite 1200,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102.

                                   Background:
                                   -----------

         A.       Landlord leases certain space located on the first floor of
the building commonly known as the Graham Building, located at 30 South 15th
Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from Riggs & Co., a division of Riggs Bank
N.A., as trustee of the Multi-Employer Property Trust, a trust organized under
12 C.F.R. Section 9.18 ("Prime Landlord") pursuant to the terms of that certain
Lease dated September 8, 1999 by and between Landlord and Prime Landlord.

         B.       Landlord desires to sub-lease the Premises to Tenant and
Tenant desires to accept same from Landlord in accordance with and subject to
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

                                   Agreement:
                                   ----------

          For and in consideration of the covenants contained in this Lease and
other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree
as follows:

1. Definitions. In addition to other terms elsewhere defined in this Lease, the
following terms whenever used in this Lease shall have only the meanings set
forth in this Section, unless such meanings are expressly modified, limited or
expanded elsewhere in this Lease.

     A. Additional Rent shall mean all sums defined as Additional Rent in or
pursuant to the Prime Lease and any and all other sums, in addition to Fixed
Basic Rent payable by Tenant to Landlord or to third parties pursuant to the
provisions of the Lease.

     B. Broker shall mean CB Richard Ellis.

     C. Building shall mean the building known as the Graham Building with an
address of 30 South 15th Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

     D. Commencement Date shall mean July 1, 2005.

     E. Exhibits shall be the following, attached to this Lease and incorporated
in this Lease and made a part of this Lease:

                            Exhibit A                           Premises
                            Exhibit B                           Prime Lease

     F. Expiration Date shall mean September 29, 2005.

-1-

G. Fixed Basic Rent shall mean, with respect to each Lease Year, the
following amounts:

        --------------------------------- ----------- -------------------
                   Lease Year             Annual Rent Monthly Installment
        --------------------------------- ----------- -------------------
        July 1, 2005 - June 30, 2006      $52,124.00       $4,344.00
        --------------------------------- ----------- -------------------
        July 1, 2006 - June 30, 2007      $56,133.00       $4,678.00
        --------------------------------- ----------- -------------------
        July 1, 2007 - June 30, 2008      $60,143.00       $5,012.00
        --------------------------------- ----------- -------------------
        July 1, 2008 - June 30, 2009      $64,152.00       $5,346.00
        --------------------------------- ----------- -------------------
        July 1, 2009 - September 29, 2009 $68,162.00       $5,680.00
        --------------------------------- ----------- -------------------

H. Guarantor shall mean United Bancshares Inc., a Pennsylvania banking
corporation.

     I. Guaranty shall mean that certain Sub-Lease Guaranty dated as of
____________, 2005 between Guarantor and Landlord.

     J. Lease Year shall mean each consecutive twelve (12) month period during
the Term commencing on the Commencement Date.

     K. Permitted Use shall mean use as a branch bank and other general office
use and for no other purpose, subject to all applicable laws and all rules and
regulations of the Building and insurers of the Building.

     L. Person shall mean a natural person, a partnership, a corporation, an
association, and any other form of business association or entity.

     M. Premises shall be approximately 2,673 rentable square feet on the first
floor of the Building as set forth on Exhibit A.

     N. Prime Landlord shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the
Background.

     O. Prime Lease shall mean that certain Lease dated September 8, 1999 by and
between Landlord and Prime Landlord, whereby Landlord has leased the Premises
from the Prime Landlord, a copy of such Prime Lease being attached hereto and
incorporated herein as Exhibit B.

     P. Rent shall mean all Fixed Basic Rent and Additional Rent and any other
rent or other sums due under this Lease reserved under this Lease.

     Q. Tenant's Pro Rata Share shall mean an amount equal to one and twelve
hundredths percent (1.12%), which percentage has been determined pursuant to the
Prime Lease.

-2-

R. Term shall mean the period of time commencing on the Commencement Date
and ending on the Expiration Date, unless otherwise terminated pursuant to the
terms of this Lease.

2. Prime Lease and Premises.

     a) Landlord hereby demises and subleases the Premises to Tenant and Tenant
hereby leases and takes the Premises from Landlord for the Term and upon the
terms, covenants, conditions, and provisions set forth in this Lease. The
Tenant's interest in the Premises as subtenant shall include the right, subject
to the Prime Lease, in common with Prime Landlord, Landlord and other occupants
of the Building, to use sidewalks, lobbies, hallways, entranceways, lavatory
facilities and other facilities which are located within the Building and which
are designated by Landlord or Prime Landlord from time to time for the use of
all of the tenants of the Building (the "Common Facilities").

     b) Tenant acknowledges and agrees that this Lease is a sublease and is
under and subject to all of the terms, covenants, conditions and agreements of
the Prime Lease and the operation of the same. In the event of any termination
of the Prime Lease, for any reason whatsoever or howsoever, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Lease, this Lease shall terminate absolutely
without liability to Landlord or Prime Landlord. A true and correct copy of the
Prime Lease is attached to this Lease and incorporated herein as Exhibit B. The
terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of the Prime Lease are hereby
incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and are and shall be
superior to this Lease to the extent they impose duties or obligations on
Landlord, as tenant. During the Term, as between Tenant and Landlord, Tenant
hereby assumes and agrees to perform and be bound by all of the foregoing
provisions of the Prime Lease which are incorporated herein as if Tenant were
the "Tenant" under the Prime Lease, Landlord were the "Landlord" thereunder and
the Premises were the "Premises" thereunder (except that Tenant shall also
afford Prime Landlord any rights granted to Landlord in such provisions
including any approval rights). Landlord shall have all of rights and remedies
of the Prime Landlord under the Prime Lease as against Tenant. Tenant shall have
none of the privileges, benefits or rights granted to Landlord, as tenant, under
the Prime Lease unless expressly granted to Tenant herein (including, without
limitation, any renewal options or rights of first offer).

     c) Tenant acknowledges that Landlord, Prime Landlord and/or Prime
Landlord's lender may have different interests in some circumstances; therefore,
Tenant agrees that Landlord shall not be bound by any approval or consent
provided by Prime Landlord and/or Prime Landlord's lender and that Landlord
shall not be liable or responsible for any denial, delay or condition of
approval or consent by Prime Landlord and/or Prime Landlord's lender, which if
not given, shall automatically result in the demand by Landlord of its consent
or approval.

     d) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Lease, in the event of a
conflict between the terms of the Prime Lease and the provisions of this Lease,
the applicable provision which is more restrictive on Tenant, or which imposes
the greater obligation on Tenant, shall control. Any capitalized terms used in
this Lease and not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings prescribed
for such terms in the Prime Lease.

-3-

3. As Is Condition of Premises. The Premises are being leased to Tenant in
"AS-IS" condition without any obligation of the Landlord to make any
alterations, improvements, or repairs. Tenant acknowledges that it has inspected
the Premises and agrees to accept the same as of the date hereof in its current
state of condition and repair and releases the Landlord from any and all claims
in connection therewith.

4. Use of Premises. Tenant shall occupy the Premises throughout the Term and
shall use the same solely for the Permitted Use. Tenant shall not make, or
permit to be made, any unseemly or disturbing noises or odors and shall not
interfere with other tenants or those having business with them. Tenant shall
keep all mechanical apparatus in the Premises free of vibration and noise which
may be transmitted beyond the limits of the Premises. Tenant shall not overload
any floor or part thereof in the Premises or the Building, including any public
corridors or elevators therein, by bringing in, placing, storing, installing or
removing any large or heavy articles and Landlord may prohibit or may direct and
control the location and size of safes and all other heavy articles and may
require, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, supplementary supports of such
material and dimensions as Landlord or Prime Landlord may deem necessary to
properly distribute the weight.

5. Fixed Basic Rent. Commencing on the Commencement Date and throughout the
Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord at the address listed in Section 31 hereof
the Fixed Basic Rent, without notice or demand and without setoff or deduction,
in equal monthly installments specified in Section 1(G), in advance, on the
first day of each calendar month during the Term. If the Commencement Date falls
on a day other than the first day of a calendar month, the Fixed Basic Rent
shall be due and payable for such month, apportioned on a per diem basis for the
period between the Commencement Date and the first day of the next first full
calendar month in the Term and such apportioned sum shall be paid on the
Commencement Date.

6. Additional Rent; Tenant's Personalty.

     a) Commencing on the Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay to Landlord as
rent, all Additional Rent. Additional Rent shall be payable on or before the
date when such payment is first due, either as provided for hereunder or
pursuant to the Prime Lease. If no date or time is specified, then all such
Additional rent shall be due upon invoicing, without any deduction, offset or
counterclaim of any kind for any reason whatsoever and without prior notice or
demand.

     b) Tenant shall pay all taxes imposed upon Tenant's occupancy, business,
furnishings, trade fixtures, equipment or other personal property. If any such
taxes are levied or assessed against Landlord or Prime Landlord or their
respective interests in the Premises or the Building, or if the personal
property located within the Premises causes an increase in the assessed value of
the Premises or the Building, and Landlord elects to pay such taxes or such
increase in taxes, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for same upon demand.

7. Operating Costs; Real Estate Taxes.

     a) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, the Estimated
Operating Costs Allocable to the Premises payable by Landlord under the Prime
Lease. Such payments shall be

-4-

due and payable on the first day of each calendar month during the Term,
together with Fixed Basic Rent.

     b) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, the Estimated Property
Taxes Allocable to the Premises payable by Landlord under the Prime Lease. Such
payments shall be due and payable on the first day of each calendar month during
the Term, together with Fixed Basic Rent.

8. Interest and Late Charge. Landlord may charge a late payment charge of five
percent (5%) of any installment of Fixed Basic Rent or Additional Rent that is
not paid on or before the due date thereof. Any amount due from Tenant to
Landlord which is not paid when due shall bear interest ("Interest") at an
interest rate equal to the Prime Rate published from time to time in the Money
Rates column of the Wall Street Journal (East Coast Edition) plus 3% (or, if
lower, the highest rate then allowed under the usury laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania) from the date due until the date paid. The right of Landlord to
charge a late charge and interest with respect to past due installments of Fixed
Basic Rent and Additional Rent is in addition to Landlord's rights and remedies
upon an event of default.

9. Indemnification. Tenant shall fully reimburse Landlord upon demand for any
costs or expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with the terms and
conditions set forth in Section 4.12 of the Prime Lease by reason of or arising,
directly or indirectly, from (i) Tenant's possession, use or occupancy of the
Premises or the business conducted at the Premises, (ii) any act, omission or
negligence of Tenant, or any of Tenant's agents, business invitees or customers,
or (iii) any breach or default by Tenant under this Lease. This indemnity shall
survive the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease and
shall apply to any early entry to the Premises by or on behalf of Tenant.

10. Insurance.

     a) Tenant's Insurance.

          (i) Tenant covenants and represents, such covenants and
representations being specifically designed to induce Landlord to execute this
Lease, that during the entire Term, at its sole cost and expense, Tenant shall
obtain, maintain and keep in full force and effect the following insurance:

               (1) "All Risk" property insurance against fire, theft, vandalism,
malicious mischief, sprinkler leakage and such additional perils as are now, or
hereafter may be, included in a standard extended coverage endorsement from time
to time in general use in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania upon property of
every description and kind owned by Tenant and or under Tenant's care, custody
or control located in the Building or within the Premises or for which Tenant is
legally liable or installed by or on behalf of Tenant, including by way of
example and not by way of limitation, alterations, equipment, inventory,
furniture, fixtures, fittings, installations and any other personal property in
an amount equal to the full replacement cost thereof.

               (2) Commercial General Liability Insurance coverage to include an
endorsement covering Tenant's obligations pursuant to Section 9 hereof, covering
personal

-5-

injury, bodily injury and death and broad form property damage naming Landlord,
Prime Landlord and Prime Landlord's mortgagee or trust deed holder and ground
lessors (if any) as additional insureds in combined single limits of not less
than Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00), which policy shall be payable on an
"occurrence" basis and which limit shall be reasonably increased during the Term
hereof at Landlord's request to reflect both increases in liability exposure
arising from inflation as well as from any changed used of the Premises.

               (3) Business interruption insurance in such amounts as will cover
costs, damages, lost income, expenses, Fixed Basic Rent, Additional Rent and all
other sums payable under this Lease and such other perils commonly insured
against by prudent tenants or attributable to prevention or denial of access to
the Premises or Building as a result of such perils.

               (4) Workers' Compensation insurance in form and amount as
required by law.

               (5) Any other form or forms of insurance or any increase in the
limits of any of the aforesaid enumerated coverages or other forms of insurance
as Landlord, Prime Landlord or the mortgagees or ground lessors (if any) of
Landlord or Prime Landlord may require from time to time if in the opinion of
Landlord, Prime Landlord or said mortgagees or ground lessors said coverage
and/or limits become inadequate or less than that commonly maintained by prudent
tenants in similar buildings in the area by tenants making similar uses.

          (ii) All property insurance policies shall be taken out with insurers
rated A- or better (or if such ratings are not in effect, the equivalent
thereof) by Best Rating Service or any successor thereto (or if there be none,
an organization having a National reputation) who are licensed to do business in
the state in which the Building is located and shall be in form satisfactory,
from time to time, to Landlord and Prime Landlord. A policy or certificate
evidencing such insurance together with a paid bill shall be delivered to
Landlord prior to the Commencement Date hereof. Such insurance policy or
certificate will provide an undertaking by the insurers to notify Landlord,
Prime Landlord and the mortgagees or ground lessors (if any) of Landlord and/or
Prime Landlord in writing not less than thirty (30) days prior to any material
change, reduction in coverage, cancellation, or other termination thereof.
Should a certificate of insurance initially be provided, a policy shall be
furnished by Tenant within thirty (30) days of the Commencement Date. The
aforesaid insurance shall be written with no deductible.

          (iii) In the event of damage to or destruction of the Building and/or
Premises and this Lease is so terminated, Tenant shall immediately pay to
Landlord all of its insurance proceeds, if any, relating to the leasehold
improvements and alterations (but not Tenant's trade fixtures, equipment,
furniture or other personal property of Tenant in the Premises) which have
become Landlord's property on installation or would have become Landlord's
property at the Term's expiration or sooner termination. If the termination of
the Lease, at Landlord's election, is due to damage to the Building and if the
Premises have not been so damaged, Tenant will deliver to Landlord in accordance
with the provisions of this Lease the improvements and alterations to the
Premises which have become an installation or would have become at the Term's
expiration, Landlord's property.

-6-

(iv) Tenant agrees that it will not keep or use or offer for sale (if
sales of goods is a permitted use pursuant to this Lease) in or upon the
Premises any article which may be prohibited by any insurance policy in force
from time to time covering the Premises. In the event Tenant's occupancy or
conduct of business in or on the Premises, whether or not Landlord has consented
to the same, results in any increase in premiums for insurance carried from time
to time by Landlord with respect to the Building, or the Premises, Tenant shall
pay such increase in premiums as Additional Rent within ten (10) days after
being billed therefor by Landlord. In determining whether increased premiums are
a result of Tenant's use and occupancy a schedule issued by the organization
computing the insurance rate on the Premises showing the components of such rate
shall be conclusive evidence of the items and charges making up such rate.
Tenant shall promptly comply with all reasonable requirements of the insurance
authority or of any insurer now or hereafter in effect relating to the Building
or Premises.

          (v) If any insurance policy carried by Tenant, Landlord or Prime
Landlord shall be cancelled or cancellation shall be threatened or the coverage
thereunder reduced or threatened to be reduced in any way by reason of the use
or occupation of the Premises or Building or any part thereof by Tenant or any
assignee or subtenant of Tenant or anyone permitted by Tenant to be upon the
Premises, and if Tenant fails to remedy the conditions giving rise to such
cancellation or threatened cancellation or reduction in coverage on or before
the earlier to occur of the following: (i) forty-eight (48) hours after notice
thereof from Landlord or Prime Landlord, or (ii) prior to such cancellation or
reduction becoming effective, then Tenant shall be in default and an event of
default shall occur under this Lease and Landlord shall have all of the remedies
available to Landlord pursuant to this Lease.

     b) Waiver of Subrogation. Any policy or policies of fire, extended coverage
or similar casualty insurance, which either party obtains in connection with the
Premises or Building shall include a clause or endorsement denying the insurer
any rights of subrogation against the other party (i.e. Landlord or Tenant) for
all perils covered by such policy. Any and all policies carried by Tenant shall
contain a waiver of subrogation as to Prime Landlord and any additional cost for
the same shall be Tenant's sole responsibility. Except as aforesaid, should such
waiver not be available then the policy for which the waiver is not available
must name the other party as an additional insured affording it the same
coverage as that provided the party obtaining such coverage. Any provision of
this Lease to the contrary notwithstanding, Landlord and Tenant hereby release
the other from any and all liability or responsibility to the other or anyone
claiming through or under them by way of subrogation or otherwise (a) from any
and all liability for any loss or damage to the property of the releasing party,
(b) for any loss or damage that may result, directly or indirectly, from the
loss or damage to such property (including rental value and business
interruption), and (c) from legal liability for any loss or damage to property
(no matter who the owner of the property may be), all to the extent that the
releasing party's loss or damage is insured or, if not insured, was insurable
under commercially available "all risk" property insurance policies, including
additional coverages typically obtained by owners and tenants of comparable
office buildings in the vicinity of the Building, even if such loss or damage or
legal liability shall be caused by or result from the fault or negligence of the
other party or anyone for whom such party may be responsible and even if the
releasing party is self insured in whole or in part or the amount of the
releasing party's insurance is inadequate to cover the loss or damage or legal
liability. It is the intention of the parties that Landlord and Tenant shall
look solely to their respective insurance carriers for recovery against any such
property loss

-7-

or damage or legal liability, without such insurance carriers having any rights
of subrogation against the other party and in any and all cases, Tenant and its
insurance carriers shall have no rights of subrogation as to Prime Landlord.

11. Repairs and Maintenance.

     a) Tenant shall, throughout the Term, and at Tenant's sole cost and
expense, keep and maintain the Premises in good condition and repair, including
performing all of the obligations of Landlord under Section 4.2 of the Prime
Lease. Upon expiration of the Term or the earlier termination of this Lease,
Tenant shall leave the Premises in good order, condition and repair, ordinary
wear and tear excepted. Tenant shall not permit any waste, damage or injury to
the Premises. Tenant shall not use or permit the use of any portion of the
Common Facilities for other than their intended use as specified by the Landlord
and/or Prime Landlord from time to time.

     b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, repairs and replacements to the Premises
and the Building arising out of or caused by Tenant's use, manner of use or
occupancy of the Premises, by Tenant's installation of alterations, additions,
improvements, trade fixtures or equipment in or upon the Premises or by any act
or omission of Tenant or any employee, agent, contractor or invitee of Tenant
shall be made at Tenant's sole cost and expense and Tenant shall pay Landlord
and/or Prime Landlord the cost of any such repair or replacement, as Additional
Rent, upon demand.

12. Utilities and Services.

     It is the intention of the parties that Tenant be entitled to receive, with
respect to Premises, the benefit of any services, utilities (including water and
heating) repairs, maintenance, facilities and other ongoing services from Prime
Landlord that Landlord, as tenant, receives with respect to the Premises under
the Prime Lease and to the extent the foregoing are applicable to the Premises
leased hereunder, subject in all cases to the terms of the Prime Lease. In
connection with the foregoing, Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing
described services can only be provided by Prime Landlord and that Landlord has
no right or ability to control the same. As a result, to the extent Prime
Landlord has agreed in the Prime Lease to provide services, utilities, repairs,
facilities and other services to Landlord, as tenant, including the services
under Sections 3.5, 4.1 and 4.3 of the Prime Lease and provided such services
are applicable to the Premises, Landlord agrees, on behalf of Tenant, to
enforce, in a reasonable manner and at Tenant's direction and cost, its rights
against Prime Landlord under the Prime Lease. Tenant hereby releases and holds
Landlord harmless from, and currently waives any claims arising in the future
relating to, any damages, interference, costs and expenses incurred or suffered
by Tenant as a result of (i) the failure of Prime Landlord to properly maintain,
repair or operate the Premises and Building systems, and (ii) the failure of
Prime Landlord to supply any utility and other services to be provided to
Landlord, as tenant, under the Prime Lease. The payment of Fixed Basic Rent and
Additional Rent by Tenant pursuant to this Lease is an absolute and independent
covenant and shall not be affected in any way by the failure of Prime Landlord
to so maintain, repair or operate or to supply any such utility or services
except if and to the extent Landlord's rental obligations to Prime Landlord
under the Prime Lease are abated, reduced, suspended or offset with respect to
the Premises as a result of the foregoing.

-8-

13. Governmental Regulations. Tenant shall comply with all laws, ordinances,
notices, orders, rules, regulations and requirements of all federal, state and
municipal government or any department, commission, board of officer thereof, or
of the National Board of Fire Underwriters or any other body exercising similar
functions, relating to the Premises or to the use or manner of use of the
Building. Tenant shall not knowingly do or commit, or suffer to be done or
committed anywhere in the Building, any act or thing contrary to any of the
laws, ordinances, regulations and requirements referred to in this Section.
Tenant shall give Landlord prompt written notice of any accident in the Premises
and of any breakage, defect or failure in any of the systems or equipment
servicing the Premises or the Building or any portion of the Premises or the
Building. Tenant shall comply in all respects with Section 4.21 of the Prime
Lease as if Tenant were the "Tenant" thereunder, including the obligation to
indemnify Landlord and Prime Landlord for all losses, costs, expenses,
assessments or fees incurred by Landlord and/or Prime Landlord due to Tenant's
failure to completely discharge and comply with its responsibilities and
obligations thereunder.

14.      Alterations, Additions and Fixtures.

         Tenant shall not make or permit to be made any alterations,
installations, decorations, improvements or additions to the Premises or
Building, including the erection or installation of any signs, changing of any
locks on doors, disturb any floor covering, wall covering, fixtures, plumbing or
wiring (collectively, "Tenant Charges"), without on each occasion first
presenting plans and specifications to Landlord and obtaining both Landlord's
and Prime Landlord's prior written consent. If Landlord and Prime Landlord
consent to any proposed alterations, improvements or additions, then Tenant at
Tenant's sole cost and expense, may make the proposed alterations, improvements
and additions provided that: (i) Tenant supplies any necessary permits; (ii)
such alterations and improvements do not, in Landlord's and Prime Landlord's
judgment, impair the structural strength of the Building or any other
improvements and are at least equal in quality to the Building's minimum
standard tenant improvements; (iii) Tenant takes or causes to be taken all steps
that are otherwise required by Section 15 of this Lease and that are required or
permitted by law in order to avoid the imposition of any mechanic's, laborer's
or materialman's lien upon the Premises or the Building; (iv) Tenant uses
contractors and mechanics approved by Landlord and Prime Landlord; (v) the
occupants of the Building and of any adjoining real estate owned by Landlord or
Prime Landlord are not annoyed or disturbed by such work; (vi) the alterations,
improvements or additions shall be installed in accordance with the approved
plans and specifications and completed according to a construction schedule
approved by Landlord and Prime Landlord; and (vii) Tenant provides payment and
performance bonds and proof of insurance of the types and coverage amounts
required by Landlord and Prime Landlord and by insurance companies with a
policyholder rating of A- or better as rated by "Best's Key Rating Guide" for
insurance companies at the time such insurance is procured. Any and all
alterations, improvements and additions to the Premises which are constructed,
installed or otherwise made by Tenant shall be the property of Tenant until the
expiration or sooner termination of this Lease; at that time all such
alterations and additions shall remain on the Premises and become the property
of Landlord without payment by Landlord unless, upon the termination of this
Lease, Landlord instructs Tenant in writing to remove the same in which event
Tenant will remove such alterations, improvements and additions, and repair and
restore any damage to the Building or the Premises caused by the installation or

-9-

removal. Tenant shall pay to Landlord, upon demand, the cost and expense
incurred by Landlord in reviewing Tenant's plans and specifications, provided
however, such cost shall not exceed $800.00.

         All Tenant Charges shall be performed by contractors employed by Tenant
under one or more construction contracts in form and substance approved in
advanced in writing by Landlord and Prime Landlord, in their respective
discretions. Prime Landlord and Landlord may withdraw consent to the
continuation of work on any of the Tenant Charges in the event any of Tenant's
general contractors, subcontractors, workers or suppliers cause, in the opinion
of Prime Landlord and/or Landlord, any disharmony or any interference in the
work of general contractors, subcontractors, workers or suppliers of Landlord,
Prime Landlord or any other tenant or subtenant in the Building. All Tenant
Charges must be completed in the manner required by the terms of the Prime
Lease, including, without limitation, the provisions of Section 4.5 thereof.

         Tenant shall be responsible for all damage to the Premises or the
Building caused by Tenant or any of Tenant's general contractors,
subcontractors, workers or suppliers. Tenant agrees to indemnify, defend and
hold harmless the Landlord, Prime Landlord, and their respective employees,
agents, successors and assigns, from and against any and all damage, claim,
liability or loss, including reasonable attorneys' and other fees, arising out
of or in any way connected to the Tenant Charges and/or to any defect in design,
material or workmanship of any Tenant Charges.

15. Mechanic's Liens. Tenant shall promptly pay any contractors and materialmen
who supply labor, work or materials to Tenant at the Premises or the Building so
as to minimize the possibility of a lien attaching to the Premises or the
Building. Tenant shall take all steps permitted by law in order to avoid the
imposition of any mechanic's, laborer's or materialman's lien upon the Premises
or the Building. Should any such lien or notice of lien be filed for work
performed for Tenant other than by Landlord, Tenant shall cause such lien or
notice of lien to be discharged of record by payment, deposit, bond or otherwise
within fifteen (15) days after the filing thereof or after Tenant's receipt of
notice thereof, whichever is earlier, regardless of the validity of such lien or
claim. If Tenant shall fail to cause such lien or claim to be discharged and
removed from record within such fifteen (15) day period, then, without
obligation to investigate the validity thereof and in addition to any other
right or remedy Landlord may have, Landlord may, but shall not be obligated to,
contest the lien or claim or discharge it by payment, deposit, bond or
otherwise; and Landlord shall be entitled to compel the prosecution of an action
for the foreclosure of such lien by the lienor and to pay the amount of the
judgment in favor of the lienor with interest and costs. Any amounts so paid by
Landlord and all costs and expenses including, without limitation, attorneys'
fees incurred by Landlord in connection therewith, together with Interest from
the respective dates of Landlord's making such payment or incurring such cost or
expense, which shall constitute Additional Rent payable under this Lease
promptly upon demand therefor. Nothing in this Lease is intended to authorize
Tenant to do or cause any work or labor to be done or any materials to be
supplied for the account of Landlord, all of the same to be solely for Tenant's
account and at Tenant's risk and expense. Further, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Lease, nothing contained in or contemplated by
this Lease shall be deemed or construed in any way to constitute the consent or
request by Landlord for the performance of any work or services or the
furnishing of any materials for which any lien could be filed against the
Premises or the Building or any part of

-10-

any thereof, nor as giving Tenant any right, power or authority to contract or
permit the performance of any work or services or the furnishing of any
materials for which any lien could be filed against the Premises or the Building
or any part of any thereof. Throughout this Lease the term "mechanic's lien" is
used to include any lien, encumbrance or charge levied or imposed upon the
Premises or the Building or any interest therein or income therefrom on account
of any mechanic's, laborer's or materialman's lien or arising out of any debt or
liability to or any claim or demand of any contractor, mechanic, supplier,
materialman or laborer and shall include without limitation any mechanic's
notice of intention given to Landlord or Tenant, any stop order given to
Landlord or Tenant, any notice of refusal to pay naming Landlord or Tenant and
any injunctive or equitable action brought by any person entitled to any
mechanic's lien.

16. Landlord's Right of Entry.

     a) Tenant shall permit Landlord and Prime Landlord and the authorized
representatives of each and of any mortgagee or any prospective mortgagee or any
prospective tenant or purchaser of the Building to enter the Premises at all
reasonable times, with one (1) Business Days' prior notice to Tenant, for the
purpose of (i) inspecting the Premises or (ii) making any necessary repairs to
the Premises or to the Building and performing any work therein. During the
progress of any work on the Premises or the Building, Landlord will attempt not
to inconvenience Tenant, but neither Landlord nor Prime Landlord shall not be
liable for inconvenience, annoyance, disturbance, loss of business or other
damage to Tenant by reason of making any repair or by bringing or storing
materials, supplies, tools and equipment in the Premises during the performance
of any work, and the obligations of Tenant under this Lease shall not be thereby
affected in any manner whatsoever.

     b) Landlord and/or Prime Landlord shall have the right at all reasonable
times, with prior notice to Tenant, to enter and to exhibit the Premises for the
purpose of inspection or showing the Premises in connection with a sale or
mortgage and to enter upon and to exhibit the Premises to any prospective
tenant.

     c) If the Premises are vacated or abandoned by Tenant, Landlord and/or
Prime Landlord shall be permitted to show the Premises at any time and to
prepare the Premises for re-occupancy.

     d) Tenant shall give Landlord thirty (30) days' prior written notice before
vacating the Premises at the end of the Term or earlier expiration of this Lease
to permit Landlord to meet its obligations under Section 4.8 of the Prime Lease
with respect to notice to Prime Landlord and arrangement of a joint inspection.

17. Damage by Fire or Other Casualty; Condemnation. This Lease shall be subject
to the operation of the terms and the rights of Prime Landlord and Landlord
under and pursuant to the Prime Lease in the event of damage or destruction to
the Building or the Premises by fire or other casualty or in the event of a
condemnation. In the event Prime Landlord or Landlord has the right to terminate
the Prime Lease pursuant thereto, and either elects to do so, this Lease shall
automatically terminate upon such termination of the Prime Lease.

-11-

18. Non-Abatement of Rent. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Prime
Lease, there shall be no abatement or reduction of the Fixed Basic Rent,
Additional Rent or other sums payable under this Lease for any cause whatsoever
and this Lease shall not terminate, nor shall Tenant be entitled to surrender
the Premises, in the event of fire, casualty or condemnation or any default by
Landlord under this Lease or the Prime Landlord under the Prime Lease.

19. Quiet Enjoyment. Tenant, upon paying the Fixed Basic Rent, Additional Rent
and other charges herein required and observing and keeping all covenants,
agreements and conditions of this Lease, shall quietly have and enjoy the
Premises during the Term without hindrance or molestation by anyone claiming by
or through Landlord, subject, however, to the exceptions, reservations and
conditions of this Lease, the Prime Lease and any and all mortgages now or
hereafter existing, to which this Lease shall be subordinate. Tenant
acknowledges the provisions of Section 2(b) hereof and agrees that in the event
of a termination of this Lease pursuant to a termination of the Prime Lease,
Tenant shall have no claim or cause of action against Landlord or Prime
Landlord.

20. Rules and Regulations. This Lease is subject to any rules and regulations
prescribed by the Prime Landlord, from time to time, at its sole discretion (the
"Rules and Regulations"). The Tenant shall comply at all times with the Rules
and Regulations and shall cause its agents, employees, invitees, visitors, and
guests to do so. Landlord shall not be responsible to Tenant for non-observance
or violation of any of the Rules and Regulations by any tenant of the Building.

21. Assignment and Subletting.

     a) Tenant may not assign this Lease or sublet the whole or any portion of
the Premises without Landlord's and Prime Landlord's prior written consent,
which may be granted or withheld in their respective sole and exclusive
discretions. Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord and shall comply in all
respects with Section 4.16 of the Prime Lease, including, without limitation,
providing Landlord and Prime Landlord with the information, notices, processing
fees, payments of rent and documentation required by such Section.

     b) Any transfer, assignment or hypothecation of any stock or interest in,
or the assets of, Tenant which is either: (i) greater than fifty percent (50%)
of such stock, interest or assets, or (ii) intended to avoid the provisions of
this Section 21, shall be subject to Section 21(a) hereof in all respects.

     c) In the event Prime Landlord and Landlord shall consent to any proposed
assignment or sublet of the whole or any portion of the Premises, and Tenant
receives rent or other payments in connection with such assignment or sublet
which, either initially or over the term of such assignment or sublet, equals an
amount greater than the sum of Fixed Basic Rent and Additional Rent due annually
hereunder, Tenant shall pay to Landlord fifty percent (50%) of such excess.

22. Subordination. This Lease and Tenant's rights under this Lease shall be
subject and subordinate at all times in lien, operation and priority to the
Prime Lease, any mortgage or other encumbrance now or hereafter placed upon or
affecting the Building or the Premises and to all renewals, modifications,
consolidations and extensions thereof, without the necessity of any

-12-

further instrument or act on the part of Tenant. Tenant shall execute and
deliver upon demand any further instrument or instruments confirming the
subordination of this Lease to the Prime Lease and/or the lien of any mortgage,
if requested to do so by Landlord or Prime Landlord, and any further instrument
or instruments of attornment that may be desired by any such mortgagee, Prime
Landlord or Landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any mortgagee may at any
time subordinate its mortgage to this Lease, without Tenant's consent, by giving
notice in writing to Tenant and thereupon this Lease shall be deemed prior to
such mortgage without regard to their respective dates of execution and
delivery. In that event such mortgagee shall have the same rights with respect
to this Lease as though this Lease had been executed prior to the execution and
delivery of the mortgage and had been assigned to such mortgagee.

23. Curing Tenant's Defaults. If Tenant defaults in the performance of any of
its obligations under this Lease, Landlord may, without any obligation to do so
and in addition to any other rights it may have in law or equity, elect to cure
such default on behalf of Tenant after written notice (except in the case of
emergency) to Tenant. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord upon demand for any sums
paid or costs incurred by Landlord in curing such default, including Interest
thereon from the respective dates of Landlord's making the payments and
incurring such costs, which sums and costs together with interest thereon shall
be deemed Additional Rent payable within ten (10) days of demand.

24. Surrender.

     a) At the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease,
Tenant shall promptly yield up the Premises and all improvements, alterations
and additions thereto, and all fixtures and equipment servicing the Premises in
a condition which is clean of garbage and debris and broom clean and in the same
condition, order and repair in which they are required to be kept throughout the
Term, ordinary wear and tear excepted. So long as Tenant is not in default under
or pursuant to this Lease, Tenant shall be entitled to remove its furniture,
trade fixtures and moveable equipment from the Premises prior to the expiration
of the Term or the earlier termination of this Lease, subject to Tenant's repair
and restoration obligations pursuant to this Lease.

     b) If Tenant, or any person claiming through Tenant, continues to occupy
the Premises after the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this
Lease or any renewal thereof without prior written consent of Landlord, such
holding over by Tenant shall constitute an event of default under this Lease and
shall be subject to all the remedies set forth in this Lease.

25. Defaults and Remedies.

     a) Defaults. It shall be a default or event of default under this Lease if
any one or more of the following events occurs:

          (i) Tenant fails to pay in full, when due and without demand, any and
all installments of Fixed Basic Rent or Additional Rent or any other charges or
payments due and payable under this Lease whether or not herein included as
rent.

                                      -13-

(ii) Tenant violates or fails to perform or otherwise breaches any
agreement, term, covenant or condition contained in this Lease.

          (iii) Tenant abandons or vacates the Premises without notice and
without having first paid to Landlord in full all Fixed Basic Rent, Additional
Rent and other charges that have become due as well as all which will become due
thereafter through the end of the Term.

          (iv) Tenant or Guarantor becomes insolvent or bankrupt in any sense or
makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or if a petition in bankruptcy
or for reorganization or for an arrangement with creditors under any federal or
state law is filed by or against Tenant or Guarantor, or a bill in equity or
other proceeding for the appointment of a receiver or similar official for any
of Tenant's or Guarantor's assets is commenced, or if any of the real or
personal property of Tenant or Guarantor shall be levied upon by any sheriff,
marshal or constable.

          (v) Tenant causes or permits a default to occur, continue or exist
under the Prime Lease.

          (vi) Any information furnished by or on behalf of Tenant to Landlord
in connection with this Lease is determined to have been materially false and/or
misleading when made.

          (vii) There is a default under and/or breach of any condition,
agreement or obligation set forth in the Guaranty.

     b) Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under this Lease,
Landlord shall have all of the following rights:

          (i) Landlord may charge a late payment charge of five (5%) percent of
any amount owed to Landlord pursuant to this Lease which is not paid on or
before the due date which is set forth in the Lease or, if a due date is not
specified in this Lease, within twenty (20) days of the mailing of a bill
therefor by Landlord. If Landlord incurs a late charge in connection with any
payment which Tenant has failed to make within the times required in this Lease,
Tenant shall pay Landlord, in addition to such payment due, the full amount of
such late charge incurred by Landlord. Nothing in this Lease shall be construed
as waiving any rights of Landlord arising out of any default of Tenant, by
reason of Landlord's imposing or accepting any such late charge(s) and/or
interest; the right to collect such late charge(s) and/or interest is separate
and apart from any rights relating to remedies of Landlord after default by
Tenant including, without limitation, the rights and remedies of Landlord
provided herein.

          (ii) Landlord may accelerate the whole or any part of the Fixed Basic
Rent and all Additional Rent for the entire unexpired balance of the Term, as
well as all other charges, payments, costs and expenses herein agreed to be paid
by Tenant, and any Fixed Basic Rent or other charges, payments, costs and
expenses so accelerated shall, in addition to any and all installments of rent
already due and payable and in arrears and any other charge or payment herein
reserved, included or agreed to be treated or collected as rent and any other
charge, expense or cost herein agreed to be paid by Tenant which may be due and
payable and in arrears, be deemed due and payable as if, by the terms and
provisions of this Lease, such accelerated rent and other charges, payments,
costs and expenses were on that date payable in advance.

                                      -14-

(iii) Landlord may re-enter the Premises and, at the option of
Landlord, remove all persons and all or any property therefrom, either by
summary dispossess proceedings or by any suitable action or proceeding at law or
by force or otherwise, without being liable for prosecution or damages therefor,
and Landlord may repossess and enjoy the Premises. Upon recovering possession of
the Premises by reason of or based upon or arising out of a default on the part
of Tenant, Landlord may, at Landlord's option, either terminate this Lease or
make such alterations and repairs as may be necessary in order to relet the
Premises and may relet the Premises or any part or parts thereof, either in
Landlord's name or otherwise, for a term or terms which may, at Landlord's
option, be less than or exceed the period which would otherwise have constituted
the balance of the Term and at such rent or rents and upon such other terms and
conditions as in Landlord's sole discretion may seem advisable and to such
person or persons as may in Landlord's discretion seem best; upon each such
reletting all rents received by Landlord from such reletting shall be applied as
follows: first, to the payment of any costs and expenses of such reletting,
including all costs of alterations and repairs; second, to the payment of any
indebtedness other than Fixed Basic Rent, Additional Rent or other charges due
hereunder from Tenant to Landlord; third, to the payment of Fixed Basic Rent,
Additional Rent and other charges due and unpaid hereunder; and the residue, if
any, shall be held by Landlord and applied in payment of future rent as it may
become due and payable hereunder. If rentals received from reletting during any
month are less than that to be paid during that month by Tenant, Tenant shall
pay any such deficiency to Landlord. Such deficiency shall be calculated and
paid monthly. No such re-entry or taking possession of the Premises or the
making of alterations or improvements thereto or the reletting thereof shall be
construed as an election on the part of Landlord to terminate this Lease unless
written notice of termination is given to Tenant. Landlord shall in no event be
liable in any way whatsoever for failure to relet the Premises or, in the event
that the Premises or any part or parts thereof are relet, for failure to collect
the rent thereof under such reletting. Notwithstanding any such reletting
without termination, Landlord may at any time thereafter elect to terminate this
Lease for such previous breach.

          (iv) Landlord may terminate this Lease and the Term without any right
on the part of Tenant to waive the forfeiture by payment of any sum due or by
other performance of any condition, term or covenant broken. Upon such
termination, Landlord shall be entitled to recover, in addition to any and all
sums and damages for violation of Tenant's obligations hereunder in existence at
the time of such termination, damages for Tenant's default in an amount equal to
the amount of the Fixed Basic Rent and Additional Rent reserved for the balance
of the Term, as well as all other charges, payments, costs and expenses herein
agreed to be paid by Tenant all of which amount shall be immediately due and
payable from Tenant to Landlord upon demand therefor.

          (v) Confession of Judgment. FOR VALUE RECEIVED AND UPON THE OCCURRENCE
OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT HEREUNDER, TENANT DOES HEREBY EMPOWER ANY PROTHONOTARY OR
ANY ATTORNEY OR ANY COURT OF RECORD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR THE COMMONWEALTH
OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO APPEAR FOR TENANT AND WITH OR WITHOUT COMPLAINT FILED,
CONFESS JUDGMENT OR A SERIES OF JUDGMENTS AGAINST TENANT AND IN FAVOR OF
LANDLORD, ITS SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, AS OF ANY TERM OR TERMS, FOR THE SUM DUE BY
REASON OF SAID DEFAULT IN THE PAYMENT OF FIXED BASIC RENT, ADDITIONAL RENT AND
OTHER SUMS DUE UNDER THIS

                                      -15-

LEASE, AND ACCELERATED RENT AND FOR THE SUM DUE BY REASON OF ANY BREACH OF
COVENANT OR CONDITION BROKEN BY TENANT, WITH COSTS OF SUIT AND ATTORNEYS'
COMMISSION OF TEN PERCENT (10%) FOR COLLECTION, AND FORTHWITH ISSUE A WRIT OR
WRITS OF EXECUTION THEREON WITHOUT STAY OF EXECUTION. TENANT WAIVES AND RELEASES
ALL ERRORS, DEFECTS AND IMPERFECTIONS IN ENTERING SAID JUDGMENT OR IN ANY WRIT,
OR PROCESS OR PROCEEDING THEREON AND FOR THE CONFESSION AND ENTRY OF SUCH
JUDGMENT, THIS LEASE OR A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY THEREOF SHALL BE SUFFICIENT
WARRANT AND AUTHORITY. THE AUTHORITY AND POWER CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL NOT BE
EXHAUSTED BY ONE EXERCISE THEREOF BUT JUDGMENT MAY BE CONFESSED AS AFORESAID
FROM TIME TO TIME AS OFTEN AS THERE IS AN OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT,
AND FURTHERMORE SUCH AUTHORITY AND POWER MAY BE EXERCISED DURING THE ORIGINAL
TERM AND ANY EXTENSION OR RENEWAL THEREOF, OR AFTER THE EXPIRATION OR EARLIER
TERMINATION OF THE TERM HEREOF.

          FOR VALUE RECEIVED AND UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT
HEREUNDER, OR UPON TERMINATION OF THE TERM OF THIS LEASE OR OTHER TERMINATION OF
THIS LEASE DURING THE TERM OR ANY RENEWAL THEREOF, TENANT FURTHER AUTHORIZES AND
EMPOWERS ANY SUCH ATTORNEY OR PROTHONOTARY (EITHER IN ADDITION TO OR WITHOUT
SUCH JUDGMENT FOR THE AMOUNT DUE ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE) TO APPEAR
FOR TENANT AND ANY OTHER PERSON CLAIMING UNDER, BY OR THROUGH TENANT, AND
CONFESS JUDGMENT FORTHWITH AGAINST TENANT AND SUCH OTHER PERSONS AND IN FAVOR OF
LANDLORD IN AN AMICABLE ACTION OF EJECTMENT FOR THE PREMISES FILED IN THE
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, WITH RELEASE OF ALL ERRORS AND WITHOUT STAY OF
EXECUTION. LANDLORD MAY FORTHWITH ISSUE A WRIT OR WRITS OF EXECUTION FOR
POSSESSION OF THE PREMISES AND, AT LANDLORD'S OPTION, FOR THE AMOUNT OF ANY
JUDGMENT, AND ALL COSTS, INCLUDING THE FEES OF ATTORNEYS AND OTHER PROFESSIONALS
AND EXPERTS, WITHOUT LEAVE OF COURT, AND LANDLORD MAY, BY LEGAL PROCESS, WITHOUT
NOTICE RE-ENTER AND EXPEL TENANT FROM THE PREMISES, AND ALSO ANY PERSONS HOLDING
UNDER TENANT FOR WHICH THIS LEASE OR A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY THEREOF SHALL BE
SUFFICIENT WARRANT, WHEREUPON, IF LANDLORD SO DESIRES, A WRIT OF POSSESSION MAY
ISSUE FORTHWITH, WITHOUT ANY PRIOR WRIT OR PROCEEDINGS WHATSOEVER, AND PROVIDED
THAT IF FOR ANY REASON AFTER SUCH ACTION SHALL HAVE BEEN COMMENCED THE SAME
SHALL BE TERMINATED AND POSSESSION REMAIN IN OR BE RESTORED TO TENANT, LANDLORD
SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT UPON ANY SUBSEQUENT EVENT OR EVENTS OF DEFAULT, OR UPON THE
TERMINATION OF CANCELLATION OF THIS LEASE AS HEREINBEFORE SET FORTH, TO BRING
ONE OR MORE AMICABLE ACTION OR ACTIONS AS HEREINBEFORE SET FORTH TO RECOVER
POSSESSION AS AFORESAID.

     c) Waiver of Jury Trial. IT IS MUTUALLY AGREED BY AND BETWEEN LANDLORD AND
TENANT THAT (A) THEY HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY

                                      -16-

ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTER-CLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO
AGAINST THE OTHER ON ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH THIS LEASE, THE RELATIONSHIP OF LANDLORD AND TENANT, TENANT'S USE
OF OCCUPANCY OF THE PREMISES OR CLAIM OF INJURY OR DAMAGE, AND (B) IN ANY ACTION
ARISING HEREUNDER, THE LEGAL FEES OF THE PREVAILING PARTY WILL BE PAID BY THE
OTHER PARTY TO THE ACTION.

     d) Non-Waiver. No waiver by Landlord of any breach by Tenant of any of
Tenant's obligations, agreements or covenants herein shall be a waiver of any
subsequent breach or of any other obligation, agreement or covenant, nor shall
any forbearance by Landlord to seek a remedy for any event of default by Tenant
be a waiver by Landlord of any rights and remedies with respect to such or any
subsequent event of default.

     e) Rights and Remedies Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred upon
or reserved to Landlord is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy
provided herein or by law, but each shall be cumulative and in addition to every
other right or remedy given herein or now or hereafter existing at law or in
equity or by statute. Landlord shall have no duty to mitigate its damages in the
event of Tenant's default under this Lease.

26. Condition of Premises. Tenant represents that the Building and the Premises
and the present uses and non-uses thereof have been examined by Tenant and
Tenant accepts them in the condition or state in which they now are, or any of
them now is, without relying on any representation, covenant or warranty,
express or implied, in fact or in law, by Landlord and without recourse to
Landlord, the nature, condition or usability thereof or the use or uses to which
the Premises and the Building or any part thereof may be put under present
zoning ordinances or otherwise. Tenant's occupancy of the Premises shall
constitute acceptance of the Premises.

27. Hazardous Substances.

     a) Tenant shall not cause or allow the generation, treatment, storage or
disposal of Hazardous Substances on or near the Premises or Building. "Hazardous
Substances" shall mean (i) any hazardous substance as that term is now or
hereafter defined in the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act ("CERCLA"), 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., as amended, (ii) any hazardous
waste or hazardous substance as those terms are now or hereafter defined in any
local, state or Federal law, regulation or ordinance not inapplicable to the
Premises and Building, or (iii) petroleum including crude oil or any fraction
thereof. In the event Tenant uses any Hazardous Substances, Tenant shall dispose
of such substances in accordance with all applicable Federal, state and local
laws, regulations and ordinances.

     b) Tenant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Landlord, its
employees, agents, successors, and assigns, from and against any and all damage,
claim, liability, or loss, including reasonable attorneys' and other fees,
arising out of or in any way connected to the generation, treatment, storage or
disposal of Hazardous Substances by Tenant, its employees, agents, contractors,
or invitees, on or near the Premises or Building. Such duty of indemnification
shall include, but not be limited to damage, liability, or loss pursuant to all

                                      -17-

Federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and ordinances, strict
liability and common law.

     c) Tenant agrees to notify Landlord immediately of any disposal of
Hazardous Substances in the Premises or Building, of any discovery of Hazardous
Substances in the Premises or the Building, or of any notice by a governmental
authority or private party alleging or suggesting that a disposal of Hazardous
Substances on or near the Premises or Building may have occurred. Furthermore,
Tenant shall provide the Landlord with full and complete access to any documents
or information in its possession or control relevant to the question of the
generation, treatment, storage, or disposal of Hazardous Substances on or near
the Premises or the Building.

28. Recording. Neither this Lease nor a memorandum of this Lease shall be
recorded in any public records without the written consent of Landlord.

29. Broker. Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that Tenant has not dealt
with any broker, agent or finder in connection with this Lease, except for
Broker, and Tenant hereby agrees to indemnify Landlord against any claim for
commission or other compensation in connection with this Lease made against
Landlord by any other broker, agent or finder with whom Tenant has dealt,
including reasonable attorney's fees incurred by Landlord in the defense of any
such claim. Landlord shall pay any commission due to Broker and shall indemnify
Tenant against any claim for commission or other compensation in connection with
this Lease made against Tenant by the Broker.

30. Prime Landlord Consent. This Lease is subject to Prime Landlord's execution
and delivery to Landlord and Tenant of a form of consent to sublease, reasonably
acceptable to Prime Landlord, Landlord and Tenant. If Prime Landlord has not
executed and delivered such a consent within forty-five (45) days of the
execution of this Lease, Landlord may terminate this Lease by fifteen (15) days
notice to Tenant.

31. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, certificates, and waivers
required or permitted hereunder from either party to the other shall be in
writing and sent by United States certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, or by recognized overnight courier, addressed as follows:

                 If to Landlord:       Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania
                                       801 Market Street
                                       Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19101
                                       Attention:  Howard Dunn

                 With a copy to:       Buchanan Ingersoll PC
                                       1835 Market Street, 14th Floor
                                       Philadelphia, PA 19103
                                       Attention:  Frederick H. Masters, Esquire

                                      -18-

If to Tenant:         United Bank Of Philadelphia
                                       30 South 15th Street, Suite 1200
                                       Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102
                                       Attention: Evelyn F. Smalls

                 With a copy to:
                                      ----------------------
                                      ----------------------
                                      ----------------------

Either party may at any time, in the manner set forth for giving notices to the
other, specify a different address to which notices to it shall thereafter be
sent. All notices shall be effective upon receipt or rejection of receipt by the
addressee.

32. Irrevocable Offer: No Option. Although Tenant's execution of this Lease
shall be deemed an offer irrevocable by Tenant, the submission of this Lease by
Landlord to Tenant for examination shall not constitute a reservation of or
option for the Premises. This Lease shall become effective only upon execution
thereof by an authorized officer of the Landlord on behalf of Landlord and by an
authorized officer of Tenant.

33. Inability to Perform. If Landlord is delayed or prevented from performing
any of its obligations under this Lease by reason of strike, labor disharmony,
acts of war, acts of terrorism (either domestically or overseas), acts of
bioterrorism (either domestically or overseas) or any cause whatsoever beyond
Landlord's control, the period of such delay or such prevention shall be deemed
added to the time herein provided for the performance of any such obligation by
Landlord.

34. Survival. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease,
the expiration of the Term, whether by lapse of time or otherwise, shall not
relieve Tenant from its obligations accruing prior to the expiration of the
Term.

35. Corporate Tenants. If Tenant is a corporation, the person(s) executing this
Lease on behalf of Tenant hereby covenant(s) and warrant(s) that: (i) Tenant is
a duly formed corporation in the state in which the Premises is located, (ii)
Tenant will remain incorporated in such state or qualified to do business in
such state throughout the Term and any renewals thereof, and (iii)such persons
are duly authorized by such corporation to execute and deliver this Lease on
behalf of the corporation.

36. Waiver of Invalidity of Lease. Each party agrees that it will not raise or
assert as a defense to any obligation under the Lease or make any claim that the
Lease is invalid or unenforceable due to any failure of this document to comply
with ministerial requirements including, without limitation, requirements for
corporate seals, attestations, witnesses, notarizations or other similar
requirements and each party hereby waives the right to assert any such defenses
or make any claim of invalidity or unenforceability due to any of the foregoing.

37. Rights Reserved by Landlord. Landlord waives no rights, except those that
may be specifically waived herein, and explicitly retains all other rights
including, without limitation, the following rights, each of which Landlord may
exercise without notice to Tenant and without

                                      -19-

liability to Tenant for damage or injury to property, person or business on
account of the exercise thereof and the exercise of any such rights shall not be
deemed to constitute an eviction or disturbance of Tenant's use or possession of
the Premises and shall not give rise to any claim for set-off or abatement of
Rent or any other claim:

     a) To install, affix and maintain any and all signs on the exterior and on
the interior of the Building or the Premises;

     b) To decorate or to make repairs, alterations, additions, or improvements,
whether structural or otherwise, in and about the Building, or any part thereof,
and for such purposes to enter upon the Premises and during the continuance of
any of such work, to temporarily close doors, entry ways, public space and
corridors in the Building and to interrupt or temporarily suspend services or
use of Common Facilities, all without affecting any of Tenant's obligations
hereunder, so long as the Premises are reasonably accessible and usable;

     c) To furnish door keys for the entry door(s) in the Premises on the
Commencement Date and to retain at all times, and to use in appropriate
instances, keys to all doors within and into the Premises. Tenant agrees to
purchase only from Landlord additional duplicate keys as required, to change no
locks and not to affix locks on doors without the prior written consent of the
Landlord. Upon the expiration of the Term or Tenant's right to possession,
Tenant shall return all keys to Landlord and shall disclose to Landlord the
combination of any safes, cabinets or vaults left in the Premises;

     d) To approve the weight, size and location of safes, vaults and other
heavy equipment and articles in and about the Premises and the Building so as
not to exceed the legal load per square foot designated by the structural
engineers for the Building and to require all such items and furniture and
similar items to be moved into or out of the Building and Premises only at such
times, in such manner and upon such terms as Landlord shall direct in writing;

     e) To erect, use and maintain pipes, ducts, wiring and conduits, and
appurtenances thereto, in and through the Premises.

38. Miscellaneous.

     a) Entire Agreement. This Lease represents the entire agreement between the
parties hereto and there are no collateral or oral agreements or understandings
between Landlord and Tenant with respect to the Premises or the Building. No
rights, easements or licenses are acquired in the Premises by Tenant by
implication or otherwise except as expressly set forth in the provisions of this
Lease.

     b) Modification. This Lease shall not be modified in any manner except by
an instrument in writing executed by the parties. In addition, Tenant agrees to
make such changes to this Lease as are required by any mortgagee, provided such
changes do not substantially affect Tenant's rights and obligation under this
Lease.

     c) Interpretation. The masculine (or neuter) pronoun, singular number,
shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter genders and the singular and
plural number.

                                      -20-

d) Exhibits. Each writing or plan referred to herein as being attached as
an Exhibit or otherwise designated herein as an Exhibit hereto is hereby made a
part of this Lease.

     e) Captions and Headings. The captions and headings of sections,
subsections and the table of contents herein are for convenience only and are
not intended to indicate all of the subject matter in the text and they shall
not be deemed to limit, construe, affect or alter the meaning of any provisions
of this Lease and are not to be used in interpreting this Lease or for any other
purpose in the event of any controversy.

     f) Severability. If any term or provision of this Lease, or the application
thereof to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such term or
provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held
invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each term and
provision of this Lease shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent
permitted by law.

     g) Joint and Several Liability. If two or more individuals, corporations,
partnerships or other persons (or any combination of two or more thereof) shall
sign this Lease as Tenant, the liability of each such individual, corporation,
partnership or other persons to pay the Rent and perform all other obligations
under this Lease shall be deemed to be joint and several, and all notices,
payments and agreements given or made by, with or to any one of such
individuals, corporations, partnerships or other persons shall be deemed to have
been given or made by, with or to all of them. In like manner, if Tenant shall
be a partnership or other legal entity, the members of which are, by virtue of
any applicable law or regulation, subject to personal liability, the liability
of each such member shall be joint and several.

     h) No Representations by Landlord. Landlord and Landlord's agents have made
no representations, agreements, conditions, warranties, understandings or
promises, either oral or written, other than as expressly set forth in this
Lease, with respect to this Lease, the Premises, and/or the Building.

     i) Relationship of Parties. This Lease shall not create any relationship
between the parties other than that of sublandlord and subtenant.

     j) Counterparts. This Lease may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, and together shall constitute one in
the same instrument.

     k) Choice of Law. The terms of this Lease shall be construed under the laws
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its internal conflicts of
law principles.

     l) Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in all provisions of this
Lease.

(Signature Page Follows)

                                      -21-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease on the
day and date first above written.

                                  LANDLORD:

                                  CITIZENS BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, a Pennsylvania
                                  banking corporation,

                                  By: ____________________________________

                                  Name: __________________________________

                                  Title: ___________________________________

TENANT:

                                  UNITED BANK OF PHILADELPHIA, a Pennsylvania
                                  banking corporation,

                                  By: ____________________________________

                                  Name: __________________________________

                                  Title: ___________________________________

EXHIBIT A
                                    ---------

                                    PREMISES

                                      A-1

EXHIBIT B
                                    ---------

                                   PRIME LEASE

B-1

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 ex10-i.txt
 EXHIBIT 10(I)
 
                                                                    Exhibit 10.i

                               SUB-LEASE AGREEMENT

                                 by and between

                           UNITED BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA

                                  (as Landlord)

                                       and

                          U. S. MORTGAGE BANKERS, INC.

                                   (as Tenant)

Dated: July 1, 2005

Page
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.        Definitions...................................................1
2.        Prime Lease and Premises......................................3
3.        As Is Condition of Premises...................................4
4.        Use of Premises...............................................4
5.        Fixed Basic Rent..............................................4
6.        Additional Rent; Tenant's Personalty..........................4
7.        Operating Costs; Real Estate Taxes............................5
8.        Interest and Late Charge......................................5
9.        Indemnification...............................................5
10.       Insurance.....................................................5
11.       Repairs and Maintenance.......................................8
12.       Utilities and Services........................................8
13.       Governmental Regulations......................................9
14.       Alterations, Additions and Fixtures...........................9
15.       Mechanic's Liens.............................................10
16.       Landlord's Right of Entry....................................11
17.       Damage by Fire or Other Casualty; Condemnation...............12
18.       Non-Abatement of Rent........................................12
19.       Quiet Enjoyment..............................................12
20.       Rules and Regulations........................................12
21.       Assignment and Sublease......................................12
22.       Subordination................................................13
23.       Curing Tenant's Defaults.....................................13
24.       Surrender....................................................13
25.       Defaults-Remedies............................................14
26.       Condition of Premises........................................17
27.       Hazardous Substances.........................................18
28.       Recording....................................................18
29.       Broker.......................................................18
30.       Prime Landlord Consent.......................................18
31.       Notices......................................................19
32.       Irrevocable Offer:  No Option................................19
33.       Inability to Perform.........................................19
34.       Survival.....................................................19
35.       Corporate Tenants............................................19
36.       Waiver of Invalidity of Lease................................20
37.       Rights Reserved by Landlord..................................20
38.       Miscellaneous................................................20

EXHIBIT A - PREMISES
EXHIBIT B - SUBLEASE
EXHIBIT C - PRIME LEASE

-i-

SUB-LEASE AGREEMENT

                  THIS SUB-LEASE AGREEMENT (the "Lease") is dated July 1, 2005,
by and between UNITED BANK OF PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania banking corporation
("Landlord") whose address is 30 South 15th Street, Suite 1200, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 19102, and, U. S. MORTGAGE BANKERS, INC., a New Jersey corporation
( "Tenant") whose address is 3 United States Avenue, Gibbsboro, New Jersey
08026.

                                   Background:

         A.    Landlord leases certain space located on the first floor of
the building commonly known as the Graham Building, located at 30 South 15th
Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania a
Pennsylvania state-chartered bank ("Sub-Landlord") whose address is 801 Market
Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19101 which said space is leased by the
Sub-Landlord from a Riggs & Co., a division of Riggs Bank N.A., as trustee of
the Multi-Employer Property Trust, a trust organized under 12 C.F.R. Section
9.18 ("Prime Landlord") pursuant to the terms of that certain Lease dated
September 8, 1999 by and between Landlord and Prime Landlord.

         B.  Landlord desires to sub-lease the Premises to Tenant and
Tenant desires to accept same from Landlord in accordance with and subject to
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

                                   Agreement:

          For and in consideration of the covenants contained in this Lease and
other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree
as follows:

1.   Definitions. In addition to other terms elsewhere defined in
this Lease, the following terms whenever used in this Lease shall have only the
meanings set forth in this Section, unless such meanings are expressly modified,
limited or expanded elsewhere in this Lease.

      A. Additional Rent shall mean all sums defined as Additional Rent in or
pursuant to the Prime Lease and any and all other sums, in addition to Fixed
Basic Rent payable by Tenant to Landlord or to third parties pursuant to the
provisions of the Lease.

      B. Broker shall mean CB Richard Ellis.

      C. Building shall mean the building known as the Graham Building with an
address of 30 South 15th Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

      D. Commencement Date shall mean July 1, 2005.

-1-

E. Exhibits shall be the following, attached to this Lease and
incorporated in this Lease and made a part of this Lease:

                            Exhibit A                           Premises
                            Exhibit B                           Sublease
                            Exhibit C                           Prime Lease

      F. Expiration Date shall mean September 29, 2009.

      G. Fixed Basic Rent shall mean, with respect to each Lease Year, the
following amounts:

     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Lease Year           Annual Rent Monthly Installment
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
     July 1, 2005 - June 30, 2006        $34,923.00       $2,910.25
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
     July 1, 2006 - June 30, 2007        $37,609.00       $3,134.08
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
     July 1, 2007 - June 30, 2008        $40,296.00       $3,358.00
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
     July 1, 2008 - June 30, 2009        $42,982.00       $3,581.83
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
     July 1, 2009 - September 29, 2009   $45,669.00       $3,805.75
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------

H. Lease Year shall mean each consecutive twelve (12) month period during
the Term commencing on the Commencement Date.

      I. Permitted Use shall mean use as a branch bank and other general office
use and for no other purpose, subject to all applicable laws and all rules and
regulations of the Building and insurers of the Building.

      J. Person shall mean a natural person, a partnership, a corporation, an
association, and any other form of business association or entity.

      K. Premises shall be approximately 2,673 rentable square feet on the first
floor of the Building as set forth on Exhibit A excluding the ATM Area as
defined below.

      L. Prime Landlord shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the
Background.

      M. Prime Lease shall mean that certain Lease dated September 8, 1999 by
and between Sub-Landlord and Prime Landlord, whereby Sub-Landlord has leased the
Premises from the Prime Landlord, a copy of such Prime Lease being attached
hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit C.

      N. Rent shall mean all Fixed Basic Rent and Additional Rent and any other
rent or other sums due under this Lease reserved under this Lease.

-2-

O. Sublease shall mean that certain Lease dated April 15, 2005 by and
between Landlord and Sub-Landlord, whereby Landlord has leased the Premises from
the Sub-Landlord, a copy of such Prime Lease being attached hereto and
incorporated herein as Exhibit B.

      P. Tenant's Pro Rata Share shall mean an amount equal to one and twelve
hundredths percent (1.12%), which percentage has been determined pursuant to the
Prime Lease.

      Q. Term shall mean the period of time commencing on the Commencement Date
and ending on the Expiration Date, unless otherwise terminated pursuant to the
terms of this Lease.

2. Prime Lease and Premises.

      a) Landlord hereby demises and subleases the Premises to Tenant and Tenant
hereby leases and takes the Premises from Landlord for the Term and upon the
terms, covenants, conditions, and provisions set forth in this Lease. The
Tenant's interest in the Premises as subtenant shall include the right, subject
to the Prime Lease, in common with Prime Landlord, Landlord and other occupants
of the Building, to use sidewalks, lobbies, hallways, entranceways, lavatory
facilities and other facilities which are located within the Building and which
are designated by Landlord or Prime Landlord from time to time for the use of
all of the tenants of the Building (the "Common Facilities").

      b) Tenant acknowledges and agrees that this Lease is a sublease and is
under and subject to all of the terms, covenants, conditions and agreements of
the Sublease and the Prime Lease and the operation of the same. In the event of
any termination of either the Sublease or the Prime Lease, for any reason
whatsoever or howsoever, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Lease,
this Lease shall terminate absolutely without liability to Landlord,
Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord. A true and correct copy of the Sublease and the
Prime Lease are attached to this Lease and incorporated herein as Exhibit B and
Exhibit C respectively. The terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of the
Prime Lease are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof
and are and shall be superior to this Lease to the extent they impose duties or
obligations on Landlord, as tenant. During the Term, as between Tenant and
Landlord, Tenant hereby assumes and agrees to perform and be bound by all of the
foregoing provisions of the Prime Lease which are incorporated herein as if
Tenant were the "Tenant" under the Prime Lease, Landlord were the "Landlord"
thereunder and the Premises were the "Premises" thereunder (except that Tenant
shall also afford Prime Landlord any rights granted to Landlord in such
provisions including any approval rights). Landlord shall have all of rights and
remedies of the Sub-Landlord under the Sublease and the Prime Landlord under the
Prime Lease as against Tenant. Tenant shall have none of the privileges,
benefits or rights granted to Landlord, as tenant, under the Prime Lease or
under the Sublease unless expressly granted to Tenant herein (including, without
limitation, any renewal options or rights of first offer).

      c) Tenant acknowledges that Landlord, Prime Landlord and/or Prime
Landlord's lender may have different interests in some circumstances; therefore,
Tenant agrees that Landlord shall not be bound by any approval or consent
provided by Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord, or Prime Landlord's lender and that
Landlord shall not be liable or responsible for any denial, delay or condition
of approval or consent by Sub-Landlord, Prime Landlord or Prime Landlord's
lender, which if not given, shall automatically result in the demand by Landlord
of its consent or approval.

-3-

d) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Lease, in the event of a
conflict between the terms of the Sublease of the Prime Lease and the provisions
of this Lease, the applicable provision which is more restrictive on Tenant, or
which imposes the greater obligation on Tenant, shall control. Any capitalized
terms used in this Lease and not otherwise defined herein, shall have the
meanings prescribed for such terms in the Sublease or the Prime Lease.

3. As Is Condition of Premises. The Premises are being leased to Tenant in
"AS-IS" condition without any obligation of the Landlord to make any
alterations, improvements, or repairs. Tenant acknowledges that it has inspected
the Premises and agrees to accept the same as of the date hereof in its current
state of condition and repair and releases the Landlord from any and all claims
in connection therewith.

4. Use of Premises. Tenant shall occupy the Premises throughout the Term and
shall use the same solely for the Permitted Use. Tenant shall not make, or
permit to be made, any unseemly or disturbing noises or odors and shall not
interfere with other tenants or those having business with them. Tenant shall
keep all mechanical apparatus in the Premises free of vibration and noise which
may be transmitted beyond the limits of the Premises. Tenant shall not overload
any floor or part thereof in the Premises or the Building, including any public
corridors or elevators therein, by bringing in, placing, storing, installing or
removing any large or heavy articles and Landlord may prohibit or may direct and
control the location and size of safes and all other heavy articles and may
require, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, supplementary supports of such
material and dimensions as Landlord, Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord may deem
necessary to properly distribute the weight.

5. Fixed Basic Rent. Commencing on the Commencement Date and throughout the
Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord at the address listed in Section 31 hereof
the Fixed Basic Rent, without notice or demand and without setoff or deduction,
in equal monthly installments specified in Section 1(G), in advance, on the
first day of each calendar month during the Term. If the Commencement Date falls
on a day other than the first day of a calendar month, the Fixed Basic Rent
shall be due and payable for such month, apportioned on a per diem basis for the
period between the Commencement Date and the first day of the next first full
calendar month in the Term and such apportioned sum shall be paid on the
Commencement Date.

6. Additional Rent; Tenant's Personalty.

      a) Commencing on the Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay to Landlord as
rent, all Additional Rent. Additional Rent shall be payable on or before the
date when such payment is first due, either as provided for hereunder or
pursuant to either the Sublease or the Prime Lease. If no date or time is
specified, then all such Additional rent shall be due upon invoicing, without
any deduction, offset or counterclaim of any kind for any reason whatsoever and
without prior notice or demand.

-4-

b) Tenant shall pay all taxes imposed upon Tenant's occupancy, business,
furnishings, trade fixtures, equipment or other personal property. If any such
taxes are levied or assessed against Landlord Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord or
their respective interests in the Premises or the Building, or if the personal
property located within the Premises causes an increase in the assessed value of
the Premises or the Building, and Landlord elects to pay such taxes or such
increase in taxes, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for same upon demand.

7. Operating Costs; Real Estate Taxes.

      a) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, the Estimated
Operating Costs Allocable to the Premises and the area adjacent to the Premises
consisting of approximately 260 square feet and containing Landlord's automatic
teller machines (the "ATM Area") payable by Landlord under the Sublease or by
the Sub-Landlord under the Prime Lease. Such payments shall be due and payable
on the first day of each calendar month during the Term, together with Fixed
Basic Rent.

      b) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, the Estimated
Property Taxes Allocable to the Premises payable by Landlord under the Prime
Lease. Such payments shall be due and payable on the first day of each calendar
month during the Term, together with Fixed Basic Rent.

8. Interest and Late Charge. Landlord may charge a late payment charge of five
percent (5%) of any installment of Fixed Basic Rent or Additional Rent that is
not paid on or before the due date thereof. Any amount due from Tenant to
Landlord which is not paid when due shall bear interest ("Interest") at an
interest rate equal to the Prime Rate published from time to time in the Money
Rates column of the Wall Street Journal (East Coast Edition) plus 3% (or, if
lower, the highest rate then allowed under the usury laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania) from the date due until the date paid. The right of Landlord to
charge a late charge and interest with respect to past due installments of Fixed
Basic Rent and Additional Rent is in addition to Landlord's rights and remedies
upon an event of default.

9. Indemnification. Tenant shall fully reimburse Landlord upon demand for any
costs or expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with the terms and
conditions set forth in Sublease or Section 4.12 of the Prime Lease by reason of
or arising, directly or indirectly, from (i) Tenant's possession, use or
occupancy of the Premises or the business conducted at the Premises, (ii) any
act, omission or negligence of Tenant, or any of Tenant's agents, business
invitees or customers, or (iii) any breach or default by Tenant under this
Lease. This indemnity shall survive the expiration of the Term or earlier
termination of this Lease and shall apply to any early entry to the Premises by
or on behalf of Tenant.

10. Insurance.

      a) Tenant's Insurance.

         (i) Tenant covenants and represents, such covenants and representations
being specifically designed to induce Landlord to execute this Lease, that
during the entire Term, at its sole cost and expense, Tenant shall obtain,
maintain and keep in full force and effect the following insurance:

-5-

(1) "All Risk" property insurance against fire, theft, vandalism,
malicious mischief, sprinkler leakage and such additional perils as are now, or
hereafter may be, included in a standard extended coverage endorsement from time
to time in general use in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania upon property of
every description and kind owned by Tenant and or under Tenant's care, custody
or control located in the Building or within the Premises or for which Tenant is
legally liable or installed by or on behalf of Tenant, including by way of
example and not by way of limitation, alterations, equipment, inventory,
furniture, fixtures, fittings, installations and any other personal property in
an amount equal to the full replacement cost thereof.

            (2) Commercial General Liability Insurance coverage to include an
endorsement covering Tenant's obligations pursuant to Section 9 hereof, covering
personal injury, bodily injury and death and broad form property damage naming
Landlord, Prime Landlord and Prime Landlord's mortgagee or trust deed holder and
ground lessors (if any) as additional insureds in combined single limits of not
less than Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00), which policy shall be payable on
an "occurrence" basis and which limit shall be reasonably increased during the
Term hereof at Landlord's request to reflect both increases in liability
exposure arising from inflation as well as from any changed used of the
Premises.

            (3) Business interruption insurance in such amounts as will cover
costs, damages, lost income, expenses, Fixed Basic Rent, Additional Rent and all
other sums payable under this Lease and such other perils commonly insured
against by prudent tenants or attributable to prevention or denial of access to
the Premises or Building as a result of such perils.

            (4) Workers' Compensation insurance in form and amount as required
by law.

            (5) Any other form or forms of insurance or any increase in the
limits of any of the aforesaid enumerated coverages or other forms of insurance
as Landlord, Prime Landlord or the mortgagees or ground lessors (if any) of
Landlord, Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord may require from time to time if in the
opinion of Landlord, Prime Landlord or said mortgagees or ground lessors said
coverage and/or limits become inadequate or less than that commonly maintained
by prudent tenants in similar buildings in the area by tenants making similar
uses.

         (ii) All property insurance policies shall be taken out with insurers
rated A- or better (or if such ratings are not in effect, the equivalent
thereof) by Best Rating Service or any successor thereto (or if there be none,
an organization having a National reputation) who are licensed to do business in
the state in which the Building is located and shall be in form satisfactory,
from time to time, to Landlord, Sublandlord and Prime Landlord. A policy or
certificate evidencing such insurance together with a paid bill shall be
delivered to Landlord prior to the Commencement Date hereof. Such insurance
policy or certificate will provide an undertaking by the insurers to notify
Landlord, Sub-Landlord, Prime Landlord and the mortgagees or ground lessors (if
any) of Landlord and/or Prime Landlord in writing not less than thirty (30) days
prior to any material change, reduction in coverage, cancellation, or other
termination thereof. Should a certificate of insurance initially be provided, a
policy shall be furnished by Tenant within thirty (30) days of the Commencement
Date. The aforesaid insurance shall be written with no deductible.

-6-

(iii) In the event of damage to or destruction of the Building or
Premises and this Lease is so terminated, Tenant shall immediately pay to
Landlord all of its insurance proceeds, if any, relating to the leasehold
improvements and alterations (but not Tenant's trade fixtures, equipment,
furniture or other personal property of Tenant in the Premises) which have
become Landlord's property on installation or would have become Landlord's
property at the Term's expiration or sooner termination. If the termination of
the Lease, at Landlord's election, is due to damage to the Building and if the
Premises have not been so damaged, Tenant will deliver to Landlord in accordance
with the provisions of this Lease the improvements and alterations to the
Premises which have become an installation or would have become at the Term's
expiration, Landlord's property.

(iv) Tenant agrees that it will not keep or use or offer for sale (if
sales of goods is a permitted use pursuant to this Lease) in or upon the
Premises any article which may be prohibited by any insurance policy in force
from time to time covering the Premises. In the event Tenant's occupancy or
conduct of business in or on the Premises, whether or not Landlord has consented
to the same, results in any increase in premiums for insurance carried from time
to time by Landlord with respect to the Building, or the Premises, Tenant shall
pay such increase in premiums as Additional Rent within ten (10) days after
being billed therefor by Landlord. In determining whether increased premiums are
a result of Tenant's use and occupancy a schedule issued by the organization
computing the insurance rate on the Premises showing the components of such rate
shall be conclusive evidence of the items and charges making up such rate.
Tenant shall promptly comply with all reasonable requirements of the insurance
authority or of any insurer now or hereafter in effect relating to the Building
or Premises.

         (v) If any insurance policy carried by Tenant, Landlord Sub-Landlord
or Prime Landlord shall be cancelled or cancellation shall be threatened or the
coverage thereunder reduced or threatened to be reduced in any way by reason of
the use or occupation of the Premises or Building or any part thereof by Tenant
or any assignee or subtenant of Tenant or anyone permitted by Tenant to be upon
the Premises, and if Tenant fails to remedy the conditions giving rise to such
cancellation or threatened cancellation or reduction in coverage on or before
the earlier to occur of the following: (i) forty-eight (48) hours after notice
thereof from Landlord or Prime Landlord, or (ii) prior to such cancellation or
reduction becoming effective, then Tenant shall be in default and an event of
default shall occur under this Lease and Landlord shall have all of the remedies
available to Landlord pursuant to this Lease.

      b) Waiver of Subrogation. Any policy or policies of fire, extended
coverage or similar casualty insurance, which either party obtains in connection
with the Premises or Building shall include a clause or endorsement denying the
insurer any rights of subrogation against the other party (i.e. Landlord or
Tenant) for all perils covered by such policy. Any and all policies carried by
Tenant shall contain a waiver of subrogation as to Prime Landlord and any
additional cost for the same shall be Tenant's sole responsibility. Except as
aforesaid, should such waiver not be available then the policy for which the
waiver is not available must name the other party as an additional insured
affording it the same coverage as that provided the party obtaining such
coverage. Any provision of this Lease to the contrary notwithstanding, Landlord

-7-

and Tenant hereby release the other from any and all liability or responsibility
to the other or anyone claiming through or under them by way of subrogation or
otherwise (a) from any and all liability for any loss or damage to the property
of the releasing party, (b) for any loss or damage that may result, directly or
indirectly, from the loss or damage to such property (including rental value and
business interruption), and (c) from legal liability for any loss or damage to
property (no matter who the owner of the property may be), all to the extent
that the releasing party's loss or damage is insured or, if not insured, was
insurable under commercially available "all risk" property insurance policies,
including additional coverages typically obtained by owners and tenants of
comparable office buildings in the vicinity of the Building, even if such loss
or damage or legal liability shall be caused by or result from the fault or
negligence of the other party or anyone for whom such party may be responsible
and even if the releasing party is self insured in whole or in part or the
amount of the releasing party's insurance is inadequate to cover the loss or
damage or legal liability. It is the intention of the parties that Landlord and
Tenant shall look solely to their respective insurance carriers for recovery
against any such property loss or damage or legal liability, without such
insurance carriers having any rights of subrogation against the other party and
in any and all cases, Tenant and its insurance carriers shall have no rights of
subrogation as to Prime Landlord.

11. Repairs and Maintenance.

      a) Tenant shall, throughout the Term, and at Tenant's sole cost and
expense, keep and maintain the Premises in good condition and repair, including
performing all of the obligations of Sub-Landlord under Section 4.2 of the Prime
Lease. Upon expiration of the Term or the earlier termination of this Lease,
Tenant shall leave the Premises in good order, condition and repair, ordinary
wear and tear excepted. Tenant shall not permit any waste, damage or injury to
the Premises. Tenant shall not use or permit the use of any portion of the
Common Facilities for other than their intended use as specified by the
Landlord, Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord from time to time.

      b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, repairs and replacements to the Premises
and the Building arising out of or caused by Tenant's use, manner of use or
occupancy of the Premises, by Tenant's installation of alterations, additions,
improvements, trade fixtures or equipment in or upon the Premises or by any act
or omission of Tenant or any employee, agent, contractor or invitee of Tenant
shall be made at Tenant's sole cost and expense and Tenant shall pay Landlord,
Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord the cost of any such repair or replacement, as
Additional Rent, upon demand.

12. Utilities and Services.

         It is the intention of the parties that Tenant be entitled to receive,
with respect to Premises, the benefit of any services, utilities (including
water and heating) repairs, maintenance, facilities and other ongoing services
from Prime Landlord that Landlord, as tenant, receives with respect to the
Premises under the Prime Lease and to the extent the foregoing are applicable to
the Premises leased hereunder, subject in all cases to the terms of the Prime
Lease. In connection with the foregoing, Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the
foregoing described services can only be provided by Prime Landlord and that

-8-

Landlord has no right or ability to control the same. As a result, to the extent
Prime Landlord has agreed in the Prime Lease to provide services, utilities,
repairs, facilities and other services to Sub-Landlord, as tenant, including the
services under Sections 3.5, 4.1 and 4.3 of the Prime Lease and provided such
services are applicable to the Premises, and Landlord has rights under the
Sublease to enforce that aforementioned provisions of the Prime Lease pursuant
to any and all rights of Landlord contained the Sublease Landlord agrees, on
behalf of Tenant, to enforce, in a reasonable manner and at Tenant's direction
and cost, its rights against Prime Landlord under the Prime Lease. Tenant hereby
releases and holds Landlord harmless from, and currently waives any claims
arising in the future relating to, any damages, interference, costs and expenses
incurred or suffered by Tenant as a result of (i) the failure of Prime Landlord
to properly maintain, repair or operate the Premises and Building systems, and
(ii) the failure of Prime Landlord to supply any utility and other services to
be provided to Landlord, as tenant, under the Prime Lease. The payment of Fixed
Basic Rent and Additional Rent by Tenant pursuant to this Lease is an absolute
and independent covenant and shall not be affected in any way by the failure of
Prime Landlord to so maintain, repair or operate or to supply any such utility
or services except if and to the extent Landlord's rental obligations to Prime
Landlord under the Prime Lease are abated, reduced, suspended or offset with
respect to the Premises as a result of the foregoing.

13. Governmental Regulations. Tenant shall comply with all laws,
ordinances, notices, orders, rules, regulations and requirements of all federal,
state and municipal government or any department, commission, board of officer
thereof, or of the National Board of Fire Underwriters or any other body
exercising similar functions, relating to the Premises or to the use or manner
of use of the Building. Tenant shall not knowingly do or commit, or suffer to be
done or committed anywhere in the Building, any act or thing contrary to any of
the laws, ordinances, regulations and requirements referred to in this Section.
Tenant shall give Landlord prompt written notice of any accident in the Premises
and of any breakage, defect or failure in any of the systems or equipment
servicing the Premises or the Building or any portion of the Premises or the
Building. Tenant shall comply in all respects with Section 4.21 of the Prime
Lease as if Tenant were the "Tenant" thereunder, including the obligation to
indemnify Landlord and Prime Landlord for all losses, costs, expenses,
assessments or fees incurred by Landlord and/or Prime Landlord due to Tenant's
failure to completely discharge and comply with its responsibilities and
obligations thereunder.

14. Alterations, Additions and Fixtures.

         Tenant shall not make or permit to be made any alterations,
installations, decorations, improvements or additions to the Premises or
Building, including the erection or installation of any signs, changing of any
locks on doors, disturb any floor covering, wall covering, fixtures, plumbing or
wiring (collectively, "Tenant Changes"), without on each occasion first
presenting plans and specifications to Landlord and obtaining both Landlord's
and Prime Landlord's prior written consent. If Landlord and Prime Landlord
consent to any proposed alterations, improvements or additions, then Tenant at
Tenant's sole cost and expense, may make the proposed alterations, improvements
and additions provided that: (i) Tenant supplies any necessary permits; (ii)
such alterations and improvements do not, in Landlord's, Sub-Landlord or Prime
Landlord's judgment, impair the structural strength of the Building or any other
improvements and are at least equal in quality to the Building's minimum
standard tenant improvements; (iii) Tenant takes or causes to be taken all steps
that are otherwise required by Section 15 of this Lease and that are required or
permitted by law in order to avoid the imposition of any mechanic's, laborer's

-9-

or materialman's lien upon the Premises or the Building; (iv) Tenant uses
contractors and mechanics approved by Landlord and Prime Landlord; (v) the
occupants of the Building and of any adjoining real estate owned by Landlord,
Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord are not annoyed or disturbed by such work; (vi)
the alterations, improvements or additions shall be installed in accordance with
the approved plans and specifications and completed according to a construction
schedule approved by Landlord and Prime Landlord; and (vii) Tenant provides
payment and performance bonds and proof of insurance of the types and coverage
amounts required by Landlord and Prime Landlord and by insurance companies with
a policyholder rating of A- or better as rated by "Best's Key Rating Guide" for
insurance companies at the time such insurance is procured. Any and all
alterations, improvements and additions to the Premises which are constructed,
installed or otherwise made by Tenant shall be the property of Tenant until the
expiration or sooner termination of this Lease; at that time all such
alterations and additions shall remain on the Premises and become the property
of Landlord without payment by Landlord unless, upon the termination of this
Lease, Landlord instructs Tenant in writing to remove the same in which event
Tenant will remove such alterations, improvements and additions, and repair and
restore any damage to the Building or the Premises caused by the installation or
removal. Tenant shall pay to Landlord, upon demand, the cost and expense
incurred by Landlord in reviewing Tenant's plans and specifications.

         All Tenant Changes shall be performed by contractors employed by Tenant
under one or more construction contracts in form and substance approved in
advanced in writing by Landlord and Prime Landlord, in their respective
discretions. Prime Landlord and Landlord may withdraw consent to the
continuation of work on any of the Tenant Changes in the event any of Tenant's
general contractors, subcontractors, workers or suppliers cause, in the opinion
of Sub-Landlord, Prime Landlord, or Landlord, any disharmony or any interference
in the work of general contractors, subcontractors, workers or suppliers of
Landlord, Sub-Landlord, Prime Landlord or any other tenant or subtenant in the
Building. All Tenant Changes must be completed in the manner required by the
terms of the Sublease and the Prime Lease, including, without limitation, the
provisions of Section 4.5 thereof.

         Tenant shall be responsible for all damage to the Premises or the
Building caused by Tenant or any of Tenant's general contractors,
subcontractors, workers or suppliers. Tenant agrees to indemnify, defend and
hold harmless the Landlord, Prime Landlord, and their respective employees,
agents, successors and assigns, from and against any and all damage, claim,
liability or loss, including reasonable attorneys' and other fees, arising out
of or in any way connected to the Tenant Changes and/or to any defect in design,
material or workmanship of any Tenant Changes.

15. Mechanic's Liens. Tenant shall promptly pay any contractors
and materialmen who supply labor, work or materials to Tenant at the Premises or
the Building so as to minimize the possibility of a lien attaching to the
Premises or the Building. Tenant shall take all steps permitted by law in order
to avoid the imposition of any mechanic's, laborer's or materialman's lien upon
the Premises or the Building. Should any such lien or notice of lien be filed
for work performed for Tenant other than by Landlord, Tenant shall cause such
lien or notice of lien to be discharged of record by payment, deposit, bond or
otherwise within fifteen (15) days after the filing thereof or after Tenant's
receipt of notice thereof, whichever is earlier, regardless of the validity of
such lien or claim. If Tenant shall fail to cause such lien or claim to be
discharged and removed from record within such fifteen (15) day period, then,
without obligation to investigate the validity thereof and in addition to any
other right or remedy Landlord may have, Landlord may, but shall not be
obligated to, contest the lien or claim or discharge it by payment, deposit,

-10-

bond or otherwise; and Landlord shall be entitled to compel the prosecution of
an action for the foreclosure of such lien by the lienor and to pay the amount
of the judgment in favor of the lienor with interest and costs. Any amounts so
paid by Landlord and all costs and expenses including, without limitation,
attorneys' fees incurred by Landlord in connection therewith, together with
Interest from the respective dates of Landlord's making such payment or
incurring such cost or expense, which shall constitute Additional Rent payable
under this Lease promptly upon demand therefor. Nothing in this Lease is
intended to authorize Tenant to do or cause any work or labor to be done or any
materials to be supplied for the account of Landlord, all of the same to be
solely for Tenant's account and at Tenant's risk and expense. Further,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, nothing
contained in or contemplated by this Lease shall be deemed or construed in any
way to constitute the consent or request by Landlord for the performance of any
work or services or the furnishing of any materials for which any lien could be
filed against the Premises or the Building or any part of any thereof, nor as
giving Tenant any right, power or authority to contract or permit the
performance of any work or services or the furnishing of any materials for which
any lien could be filed against the Premises or the Building or any part of any
thereof. Throughout this Lease the term "mechanic's lien" is used to include any
lien, encumbrance or charge levied or imposed upon the Premises or the Building
or any interest therein or income therefrom on account of any mechanic's,
laborer's or materialman's lien or arising out of any debt or liability to or
any claim or demand of any contractor, mechanic, supplier, materialman or
laborer and shall include without limitation any mechanic's notice of intention
given to Landlord or Tenant, any stop order given to Landlord or Tenant, any
notice of refusal to pay naming Landlord or Tenant and any injunctive or
equitable action brought by any person entitled to any mechanic's lien.

16. Landlord's Right of Entry.

      a) Tenant shall permit Landlord and Prime Landlord and the authorized
representatives of each and of any mortgagee or any prospective mortgagee or any
prospective tenant or purchaser of the Building to enter the Premises at all
reasonable times, with one (1) Business Days' prior notice to Tenant, for the
purpose of (i) inspecting the Premises or (ii) making any necessary repairs to
the Premises or to the Building and performing any work therein. During the
progress of any work on the Premises or the Building, Landlord will attempt not
to inconvenience Tenant, but neither Landlord nor Prime Landlord shall not be
liable for inconvenience, annoyance, disturbance, loss of business or other
damage to Tenant by reason of making any repair or by bringing or storing
materials, supplies, tools and equipment in the Premises during the performance
of any work, and the obligations of Tenant under this Lease shall not be thereby
affected in any manner whatsoever.

      b) Landlord, Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord shall have the right at all
reasonable times, with prior notice to Tenant, to enter and to exit the Premises
for the purpose of inspection or showing the Premises in connection with a sale
or mortgage and to enter upon and to exhibit the Premises to any prospective
tenant.

-11-

c) If the Premises are vacated or abandoned by Tenant, Landlord and/or
Prime Landlord shall be permitted to show the Premises at any time and to
prepare the Premises for re-occupancy.

      d) Tenant shall give Landlord thirty (30) days' prior written notice
before vacating the Premises at the end of the Term or earlier expiration of
this Lease to permit Landlord to meet its obligations under the Sublease or to
permit Sub-Landlord to meet its obligations under Section 4.8 of the Prime Lease
with respect to notice to Prime Landlord and arrangement of a joint inspection.

17. Damage by Fire or Other Casualty; Condemnation. This Lease
shall be subject to the operation of the terms and the rights of Prime Landlord,
Sub-Landlord and Landlord under and pursuant to the Sublease or the Prime Lease
in the event of damage or destruction to the Building or the Premises by fire or
other casualty or in the event of a condemnation. In the event Prime Landlord,
Sub-Landlord or Landlord has the right to terminate the Prime Lease or the
Sublease pursuant thereto, and either elects to do so, this Lease shall
automatically terminate upon such termination of the Prime Lease or the
Sublease.

18. Non-Abatement of Rent. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the
Prime Lease, there shall be no abatement or reduction of the Fixed Basic Rent,
Additional Rent or other sums payable under this Lease for any cause whatsoever
and this Lease shall not terminate, nor shall Tenant be entitled to surrender
the Premises, in the event of fire, casualty or condemnation or any default by
Landlord under this Lease or the Sub-Landlord under the Sublease or the Prime
Landlord under the Prime Lease.

19. Quiet Enjoyment. Tenant, upon paying the Fixed Basic Rent, Additional
Rent and other charges herein required and observing and keeping all covenants,
agreements and conditions of this Lease, shall quietly have and enjoy the
Premises during the Term without hindrance or molestation by anyone claiming by
or through Landlord, subject, however, to the exceptions, reservations and
conditions of this Lease, the Prime Lease and any and all mortgages now or
hereafter existing, to which this Lease shall be subordinate. Tenant
acknowledges the provisions of Section 2(b) hereof and agrees that in the event
of a termination of this Lease pursuant to a termination of either the Sublease
or the Prime Lease, Tenant shall have no claim or cause of action against
Landlord, Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord.

20. Rules and Regulations. This Lease is subject to any rules and
regulations prescribed by the Prime Landlord, from time to time, at its sole
discretion (the "Rules and Regulations"). The Tenant shall comply at all times
with the Rules and Regulations and shall cause its agents, employees, invitees,
visitors, and guests to do so. Landlord shall not be responsible to Tenant for
non-observance or violation of any of the Rules and Regulations by any tenant of
the Building.

21. Assignment and Subletting.

      a) Tenant may not assign this Lease or sublet the whole or any portion of
the Premises without Landlord's, Sub-Landlord's and Prime Landlord's prior
written consent, which may be granted or withheld in their respective sole and
exclusive discretions. Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord and shall comply in

-12-

all respects with Section 4.16 of the Prime Lease, including, without
limitation, providing Landlord, Sub-Landlord and Prime Landlord with the
information, notices, processing fees, payments of rent and documentation
required by such Section.

      b) Any transfer, assignment or hypothecation of any stock or interest in,
or the assets of, Tenant which is either: (i) greater than fifty percent (50%)
of such stock, interest or assets, or (ii) intended to avoid the provisions of
this Section 21, shall be subject to Section 21(a) hereof in all respects.

      c) In the event Prime Landlord, Sub-Landlord and Landlord shall consent to
any proposed assignment or sublet of the whole or any portion of the Premises,
and Tenant receives rent or other payments in connection with such assignment or
sublet which, either initially or over the term of such assignment or sublet,
equals an amount greater than the sum of Fixed Basic Rent and Additional Rent
due annually hereunder, Tenant shall pay to Landlord fifty percent (50%) of such
excess.

22. Subordination. This Lease and Tenant's rights under this Lease
shall be subject and subordinate at all times in lien, operation and priority to
the Prime Lease, any mortgage or other encumbrance now or hereafter placed upon
or affecting the Building or the Premises and to all renewals, modifications,
consolidations and extensions thereof, without the necessity of any further
instrument or act on the part of Tenant. Tenant shall execute and deliver upon
demand any further instrument or instruments confirming the subordination of
this Lease to the Sublease and to the Prime Lease or the lien of any mortgage,
if requested to do so by Landlord, Sub-Landlord or Prime Landlord, and any
further instrument or instruments of attornment that may be desired by any such
mortgagee, Prime Landlord, Sub-Landlord or Landlord. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, any mortgagee may at any time subordinate its mortgage to this Lease,
without Tenant's consent, by giving notice in writing to Tenant and thereupon
this Lease shall be deemed prior to such mortgage without regard to their
respective dates of execution and delivery. In that event such mortgagee shall
have the same rights with respect to this Lease as though this Lease had been
executed prior to the execution and delivery of the mortgage and had been
assigned to such mortgagee.

23. Curing Tenant's Defaults. If Tenant defaults in the performance of any
of its obligations under this Lease, Landlord may, without any obligation to do
so and in addition to any other rights it may have in law or equity, elect to
cure such default on behalf of Tenant after written notice (except in the case
of emergency) to Tenant. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord upon demand for any
sums paid or costs incurred by Landlord in curing such default, including
Interest thereon from the respective dates of Landlord's making the payments and
incurring such costs, which sums and costs together with interest thereon shall
be deemed Additional Rent payable within ten (10) days of demand.

24. Surrender.

      a) At the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease,
Tenant shall promptly yield up the Premises and all improvements, alterations
and additions thereto, and all fixtures and equipment servicing the Premises in
a condition which is clean of garbage and debris and broom clean and in the same
condition, order and repair in which they are required to be kept throughout the

-13-

Term, ordinary wear and tear excepted. So long as Tenant is not in default under
or pursuant to this Lease, Tenant shall be entitled to remove its furniture,
trade fixtures and moveable equipment from the Premises prior to the expiration
of the Term or the earlier termination of this Lease, subject to Tenant's repair
and restoration obligations pursuant to this Lease.

      b) If Tenant, or any person claiming through Tenant, continues to occupy
the Premises after the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this
Lease or any renewal thereof without prior written consent of Landlord, such
holding over by Tenant shall constitute an event of default under this Lease and
shall be subject to all the remedies set forth in this Lease.

25. Defaults and Remedies.

      a) Defaults. It shall be a default or event of default under this Lease if
any one or more of the following events occurs:

         (i) Tenant fails to pay in full, when due and without demand, any and
all installments of Fixed Basic Rent or Additional Rent or any other charges or
payments due and payable under this Lease whether or not herein included as
rent.

         (ii) Tenant violates or fails to perform or otherwise breaches any
agreement, term, covenant or condition contained in this Lease.

         (iii) Tenant abandons or vacates the Premises without notice and
without having first paid to Landlord in full all Fixed Basic Rent, Additional
Rent and other charges that have become due as well as all which will become due
thereafter through the end of the Term.

         (iv) Tenant becomes insolvent or bankrupt in any sense or makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors or if a petition in bankruptcy or for
reorganization or for an arrangement with creditors under any federal or state
law is filed by or against Tenant, or a bill in equity or other proceeding for
the appointment of a receiver or similar official for any of Tenant's or
Guarantor's assets is commenced, or if any of the real or personal property of
Tenant shall be levied upon by any sheriff, marshal or constable.

         (v) Tenant causes or permits a default to occur, continue or exist
under the Prime Lease.

         (vi) Any information furnished by or on behalf of Tenant to Landlord in
connection with this Lease is determined to have been materially false and/or
misleading when made.

      b) Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under this Lease,
Landlord shall have all of the following rights:

         (i) Landlord may charge a late payment charge of five (5%) percent of
any amount owed to Landlord pursuant to this Lease which is not paid on or
before the due date which is set forth in the Lease or, if a due date is not
specified in this Lease, within twenty (20) days of the mailing of a bill

-14-

therefor by Landlord. If Landlord incurs a late charge in connection with any
payment which Tenant has failed to make within the times required in this Lease,
Tenant shall pay Landlord, in addition to such payment due, the full amount of
such late charge incurred by Landlord. Nothing in this Lease shall be construed
as waiving any rights of Landlord arising out of any default of Tenant, by
reason of Landlord's imposing or accepting any such late charge(s) and/or
interest; the right to collect such late charge(s) and/or interest is separate
and apart from any rights relating to remedies of Landlord after default by
Tenant including, without limitation, the rights and remedies of Landlord
provided herein.

         (ii) Landlord may accelerate the whole or any part of the Fixed Basic
Rent and all Additional Rent for the entire unexpired balance of the Term, as
well as all other charges, payments, costs and expenses herein agreed to be paid
by Tenant, and any Fixed Basic Rent or other charges, payments, costs and
expenses so accelerated shall, in addition to any and all installments of rent
already due and payable and in arrears and any other charge or payment herein
reserved, included or agreed to be treated or collected as rent and any other
charge, expense or cost herein agreed to be paid by Tenant which may be due and
payable and in arrears, be deemed due and payable as if, by the terms and
provisions of this Lease, such accelerated rent and other charges, payments,
costs and expenses were on that date payable in advance.

         (iii) Landlord may re-enter the Premises and, at the option of
Landlord, remove all persons and all or any property therefrom, either by
summary dispossess proceedings or by any suitable action or proceeding at law or
by force or otherwise, without being liable for prosecution or damages therefor,
and Landlord may repossess and enjoy the Premises. Upon recovering possession of
the Premises by reason of or based upon or arising out of a default on the part
of Tenant, Landlord may, at Landlord's option, either terminate this Lease or
make such alterations and repairs as may be necessary in order to relet the
Premises and may relet the Premises or any part or parts thereof, either in
Landlord's name or otherwise, for a term or terms which may, at Landlord's
option, be less than or exceed the period which would otherwise have constituted
the balance of the Term and at such rent or rents and upon such other terms and
conditions as in Landlord's sole discretion may seem advisable and to such
person or persons as may in Landlord's discretion seem best; upon each such
reletting all rents received by Landlord from such reletting shall be applied as
follows: first, to the payment of any costs and expenses of such reletting,
including all costs of alterations and repairs; second, to the payment of any
indebtedness other than Fixed Basic Rent, Additional Rent or other charges due
hereunder from Tenant to Landlord; third, to the payment of Fixed Basic Rent,
Additional Rent and other charges due and unpaid hereunder; and the residue, if
any, shall be held by Landlord and applied in payment of future rent as it may
become due and payable hereunder. If rentals received from reletting during any
month are less than that to be paid during that month by Tenant, Tenant shall
pay any such deficiency to Landlord. Such deficiency shall be calculated and
paid monthly. No such re-entry or taking possession of the Premises or the
making of alterations or improvements thereto or the reletting thereof shall be
construed as an election on the part of Landlord to terminate this Lease unless
written notice of termination is given to Tenant. Landlord shall in no event be
liable in any way whatsoever for failure to relet the Premises or, in the event
that the Premises or any part or parts thereof are relet, for failure to collect
the rent thereof under such reletting. Notwithstanding any such reletting
without termination, Landlord may at any time thereafter elect to terminate this
Lease for such previous breach.

-15-

(iv) Landlord may terminate this Lease and the Term without any right
on the part of Tenant to waive the forfeiture by payment of any sum due or by
other performance of any condition, term or covenant broken. Upon such
termination, Landlord shall be entitled to recover, in addition to any and all
sums and damages for violation of Tenant's obligations hereunder in existence at
the time of such termination, damages for Tenant's default in an amount equal to
the amount of the Fixed Basic Rent and Additional Rent reserved for the balance
of the Term, as well as all other charges, payments, costs and expenses herein
agreed to be paid by Tenant all of which amount shall be immediately due and
payable from Tenant to Landlord upon demand therefor.

         (v) Confession of Judgment. FOR VALUE RECEIVED AND UPON THE OCCURRENCE
OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT HEREUNDER, TENANT DOES HEREBY EMPOWER ANY PROTHONOTARY OR
ANY ATTORNEY OR ANY COURT OF RECORD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR THE COMMONWEALTH
OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO APPEAR FOR TENANT AND WITH OR WITHOUT COMPLAINT FILED,
CONFESS JUDGMENT OR A SERIES OF JUDGMENTS AGAINST TENANT AND IN FAVOR OF
LANDLORD, ITS SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, AS OF ANY TERM OR TERMS, FOR THE SUM DUE BY
REASON OF SAID DEFAULT IN THE PAYMENT OF FIXED BASIC RENT, ADDITIONAL RENT AND
OTHER SUMS DUE UNDER THIS LEASE, AND ACCELERATED RENT AND FOR THE SUM DUE BY
REASON OF ANY BREACH OF COVENANT OR CONDITION BROKEN BY TENANT, WITH COSTS OF
SUIT AND ATTORNEYS' COMMISSION OF TEN PERCENT (10%) FOR COLLECTION, AND
FORTHWITH ISSUE A WRIT OR WRITS OF EXECUTION THEREON WITHOUT STAY OF EXECUTION.
TENANT WAIVES AND RELEASES ALL ERRORS, DEFECTS AND IMPERFECTIONS IN ENTERING
SAID JUDGMENT OR IN ANY WRIT, OR PROCESS OR PROCEEDING THEREON AND FOR THE
CONFESSION AND ENTRY OF SUCH JUDGMENT, THIS LEASE OR A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY
THEREOF SHALL BE SUFFICIENT WARRANT AND AUTHORITY. THE AUTHORITY AND POWER
CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL NOT BE EXHAUSTED BY ONE EXERCISE THEREOF BUT JUDGMENT MAY
BE CONFESSED AS AFORESAID FROM TIME TO TIME AS OFTEN AS THERE IS AN OCCURRENCE
OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT, AND FURTHERMORE SUCH AUTHORITY AND POWER MAY BE
EXERCISED DURING THE ORIGINAL TERM AND ANY EXTENSION OR RENEWAL THEREOF, OR
AFTER THE EXPIRATION OR EARLIER TERMINATION OF THE TERM HEREOF.

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED AND UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT
HEREUNDER, OR UPON TERMINATION OF THE TERM OF THIS LEASE OR OTHER TERMINATION OF
THIS LEASE DURING THE TERM OR ANY RENEWAL THEREOF, TENANT FURTHER AUTHORIZES AND
EMPOWERS ANY SUCH ATTORNEY OR PROTHONOTARY (EITHER IN ADDITION TO OR WITHOUT
SUCH JUDGMENT FOR THE AMOUNT DUE ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE) TO APPEAR
FOR TENANT AND ANY OTHER PERSON CLAIMING UNDER, BY OR THROUGH TENANT, AND
CONFESS JUDGMENT FORTHWITH AGAINST TENANT AND SUCH OTHER PERSONS AND IN FAVOR OF
LANDLORD IN AN AMICABLE ACTION OF EJECTMENT FOR THE PREMISES FILED IN THE
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, WITH RELEASE OF ALL ERRORS AND WITHOUT STAY OF
EXECUTION. LANDLORD MAY FORTHWITH ISSUE A WRIT OR WRITS OF EXECUTION FOR

-16-

POSSESSION OF THE PREMISES AND, AT LANDLORD'S OPTION, FOR THE AMOUNT OF ANY
JUDGMENT, AND ALL COSTS, INCLUDING THE FEES OF ATTORNEYS AND OTHER PROFESSIONALS
AND EXPERTS, WITHOUT LEAVE OF COURT, AND LANDLORD MAY, BY LEGAL PROCESS, WITHOUT
NOTICE RE-ENTER AND EXPEL TENANT FROM THE PREMISES, AND ALSO ANY PERSONS HOLDING
UNDER TENANT FOR WHICH THIS LEASE OR A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY THEREOF SHALL BE
SUFFICIENT WARRANT, WHEREUPON, IF LANDLORD SO DESIRES, A WRIT OF POSSESSION MAY
ISSUE FORTHWITH, WITHOUT ANY PRIOR WRIT OR PROCEEDINGS WHATSOEVER, AND PROVIDED
THAT IF FOR ANY REASON AFTER SUCH ACTION SHALL HAVE BEEN COMMENCED THE SAME
SHALL BE TERMINATED AND POSSESSION REMAIN IN OR BE RESTORED TO TENANT, LANDLORD
SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT UPON ANY SUBSEQUENT EVENT OR EVENTS OF DEFAULT, OR UPON THE
TERMINATION OF CANCELLATION OF THIS LEASE AS HEREINBEFORE SET FORTH, TO BRING
ONE OR MORE AMICABLE ACTION OR ACTIONS AS HEREINBEFORE SET FORTH TO RECOVER
POSSESSION AS AFORESAID.

         c) Waiver of Jury Trial. IT IS MUTUALLY AGREED BY AND BETWEEN LANDLORD
AND TENANT THAT (A) THEY HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
COUNTER-CLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGAINST THE OTHER ON ANY
MATTER WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS LEASE, THE
RELATIONSHIP OF LANDLORD AND TENANT, TENANT'S USE OF OCCUPANCY OF THE PREMISES
OR CLAIM OF INJURY OR DAMAGE, AND (B) IN ANY ACTION ARISING HEREUNDER, THE LEGAL
FEES OF THE PREVAILING PARTY WILL BE PAID BY THE OTHER PARTY TO THE ACTION.

         d) Non-Waiver. No waiver by Landlord of any breach by Tenant of any of
Tenant's obligations, agreements or covenants herein shall be a waiver of any
subsequent breach or of any other obligation, agreement or covenant, nor shall
any forbearance by Landlord to seek a remedy for any event of default by Tenant
be a waiver by Landlord of any rights and remedies with respect to such or any
subsequent event of default.

         e) Rights and Remedies Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred
upon or reserved to Landlord is intended to be exclusive of any other right or
remedy provided herein or by law, but each shall be cumulative and in addition
to every other right or remedy given herein or now or hereafter existing at law
or in equity or by statute. Landlord shall have no duty to mitigate its damages
in the event of Tenant's default under this Lease.

26. Condition of Premises. Tenant represents that the Building and
the Premises and the present uses and non-uses thereof have been examined by
Tenant and Tenant accepts them in the condition or state in which they now are,
or any of them now is, without relying on any representation, covenant or
warranty, express or implied, in fact or in law, by Landlord and without
recourse to Landlord, the nature, condition or usability thereof or the use or
uses to which the Premises and the Building or any part thereof may be put under
present zoning ordinances or otherwise. Tenant's occupancy of the Premises shall
constitute acceptance of the Premises.

-17-

27. Hazardous Substances.

         a) Tenant shall not cause or allow the generation, treatment, storage
or disposal of Hazardous Substances on or near the Premises or Building.
"Hazardous Substances" shall mean (i) any hazardous substance as that term is
now or hereafter defined in the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"), 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., as amended,
(ii) any hazardous waste or hazardous substance as those terms are now or
hereafter defined in any local, state or Federal law, regulation or ordinance
not inapplicable to the Premises and Building, or (iii) petroleum including
crude oil or any fraction thereof. In the event Tenant uses any Hazardous
Substances, Tenant shall dispose of such substances in accordance with all
applicable Federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances.

         b) Tenant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Landlord,
its employees, agents, successors, and assigns, from and against any and all
damage, claim, liability, or loss, including reasonable attorneys' and other
fees, arising out of or in any way connected to the generation, treatment,
storage or disposal of Hazardous Substances by Tenant, its employees, agents,
contractors, or invitees, on or near the Premises or Building. Such duty of
indemnification shall include, but not be limited to damage, liability, or loss
pursuant to all Federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and
ordinances, strict liability and common law.

         c) Tenant agrees to notify Landlord immediately of any disposal of
Hazardous Substances in the Premises or Building, of any discovery of Hazardous
Substances in the Premises or the Building, or of any notice by a governmental
authority or private party alleging or suggesting that a disposal of Hazardous
Substances on or near the Premises or Building may have occurred. Furthermore,
Tenant shall provide the Landlord with full and complete access to any documents
or information in its possession or control relevant to the question of the
generation, treatment, storage, or disposal of Hazardous Substances on or near
the Premises or the Building.

28. Recording. Neither this Lease nor a memorandum of this Lease
shall be recorded in any public records without the written consent of Landlord.

29. Broker. Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that Tenant has
not dealt with any broker, agent or finder in connection with this Lease, except
for Broker, and Tenant hereby agrees to indemnify Landlord against any claim for
commission or other compensation in connection with this Lease made against
Landlord by any other broker, agent or finder with whom Tenant has dealt,
including reasonable attorney's fees incurred by Landlord in the defense of any
such claim. Landlord shall pay any commission due to Broker and shall indemnify
Tenant against any claim for commission or other compensation in connection with
this Lease made against Tenant by the Broker.

30. Prime Landlord Consent. This Lease is subject to Prime Landlord's
execution and delivery to Landlord and Tenant of a form of consent to sublease,
reasonably acceptable to Prime Landlord, Landlord and Tenant. If Prime Landlord
has not executed and delivered such a consent within forty-five (45) days of the
execution of this Lease, Landlord may terminate this Lease by fifteen (15) days
notice to Tenant.

-18-

31. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, certificates, and
waivers required or permitted hereunder from either party to the other shall be
in writing and sent by United States certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, or by recognized overnight courier, addressed as follows:

                 If to Landlord:       United Bank of Philadelphia
                                       30 South 15th Street, Suite 1200
                                       Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19101
                                       Attention: Evelyn F. Smalls

                 With a copy to:       Love and Long, L.L.P.
                                       108 Washington Street
                                       Newark, New Jersey  07102
                                       Attention:  Reginald A. Long, Esquire

                 If to Tenant:         U. S. Mortgage Bankers, Inc.
                                       3 United States Avenue
                                       Gibbsboro, New Jersey 08026
                                       Attention: Charles E. Barry, Jr.
                 With a copy to:       ______________________
                                       ______________________
                                       ______________________

Either party may at any time, in the manner set forth for giving notices to the
other, specify a different address to which notices to it shall thereafter be
sent. All notices shall be effective upon receipt or rejection of receipt by the
addressee.

32. Irrevocable Offer: No Option. Although Tenant's execution of this Lease
shall be deemed an offer irrevocable by Tenant, the submission of this Lease by
Landlord to Tenant for examination shall not constitute a reservation of or
option for the Premises. This Lease shall become effective only upon execution
thereof by an authorized officer of the Landlord on behalf of Landlord and by an
authorized officer of Tenant.

33. Inability to Perform. If Landlord is delayed or prevented from
performing any of its obligations under this Lease by reason of strike, labor
disharmony, acts of war, acts of terrorism (either domestically or overseas),
acts of bioterrorism (either domestically or overseas) or any cause whatsoever
beyond Landlord's control, the period of such delay or such prevention shall be
deemed added to the time herein provided for the performance of any such
obligation by Landlord.

34. Survival. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Lease, the expiration of the Term, whether by lapse of time or otherwise, shall
not relieve Tenant from its obligations accruing prior to the expiration of the
Term.

35. Corporate Tenants. If Tenant is a corporation, the person(s) executing
this Lease on behalf of Tenant hereby covenant(s) and warrant(s) that: (i)
Tenant is a duly formed corporation in the state in which the Premises is
located, (ii) Tenant will remain incorporated in such state or qualified to do

-19-

business in such state throughout the Term and any renewals thereof, and
(iii)such persons are duly authorized by such corporation to execute and deliver
this Lease on behalf of the corporation.

36. Waiver of Invalidity of Lease. Each party agrees that it will not
raise or assert as a defense to any obligation under the Lease or make any claim
that the Lease is invalid or unenforceable due to any failure of this document
to comply with ministerial requirements including, without limitation,
requirements for corporate seals, attestations, witnesses, notarizations or
other similar requirements and each party hereby waives the right to assert any
such defenses or make any claim of invalidity or unenforceability due to any of
the foregoing.

37. Rights Reserved by Landlord. Landlord waives no rights, except those
that may be specifically waived herein, and explicitly retains all other rights
including, without limitation, the following rights, each of which Landlord may
exercise without notice to Tenant and without liability to Tenant for damage or
injury to property, person or business on account of the exercise thereof and
the exercise of any such rights shall not be deemed to constitute an eviction or
disturbance of Tenant's use or possession of the Premises and shall not give
rise to any claim for set-off or abatement of Rent or any other claim:

         a) To install, affix and maintain any and all signs on the exterior and
on the interior of the Building or the Premises;

         b) To decorate or to make repairs, alterations, additions, or
improvements, whether structural or otherwise, in and about the Building, or any
part thereof, and for such purposes to enter upon the Premises and during the
continuance of any of such work, to temporarily close doors, entry ways, public
space and corridors in the Building and to interrupt or temporarily suspend
services or use of Common Facilities, all without affecting any of Tenant's
obligations hereunder, so long as the Premises are reasonably accessible and
usable;

         c) To furnish door keys for the entry door(s) in the Premises on the
Commencement Date and to retain at all times, and to use in appropriate
instances, keys to all doors within and into the Premises. Tenant agrees to
purchase only from Landlord additional duplicate keys as required, to change no
locks and not to affix locks on doors without the prior written consent of the
Landlord. Upon the expiration of the Term or Tenant's right to possession,
Tenant shall return all keys to Landlord and shall disclose to Landlord the
combination of any safes, cabinets or vaults left in the Premises;

         d) To approve the weight, size and location of safes, vaults and other
heavy equipment and articles in and about the Premises and the Building so as
not to exceed the legal load per square foot designated by the structural
engineers for the Building and to require all such items and furniture and
similar items to be moved into or out of the Building and Premises only at such
times, in such manner and upon such terms as Landlord shall direct in writing;

         e) To erect, use and maintain pipes, ducts, wiring and conduits, and
appurtenances thereto, in and through the Premises.

-20-

38. Miscellaneous.

         a) Entire Agreement. This Lease represents the entire agreement between
the parties hereto and there are no collateral or oral agreements or
understandings between Landlord and Tenant with respect to the Premises or the
Building. No rights, easements or licenses are acquired in the Premises by
Tenant by implication or otherwise except as expressly set forth in the
provisions of this Lease.

         b) Modification. This Lease shall not be modified in any manner except
by an instrument in writing executed by the parties. In addition, Tenant agrees
to make such changes to this Lease as are required by any mortgagee, provided
such changes do not substantially affect Tenant's rights and obligation under
this Lease.

         c) Interpretation. The masculine (or neuter) pronoun, singular number,
shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter genders and the singular and
plural number.

         d) Exhibits. Each writing or plan referred to herein as being attached
as an Exhibit or otherwise designated herein as an Exhibit hereto is hereby made
a part of this Lease.

         e) Captions and Headings. The captions and headings of sections,
subsections and the table of contents herein are for convenience only and are
not intended to indicate all of the subject matter in the text and they shall
not be deemed to limit, construe, affect or alter the meaning of any provisions
of this Lease and are not to be used in interpreting this Lease or for any other
purpose in the event of any controversy.

         f) Severability. If any term or provision of this Lease, or the
application thereof to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be
invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of
such term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which
it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each
term and provision of this Lease shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest
extent permitted by law.

         g) Joint and Several Liability. If two or more individuals,
corporations, partnerships or other persons (or any combination of two or more
thereof) shall sign this Lease as Tenant, the liability of each such individual,
corporation, partnership or other persons to pay the Rent and perform all other
obligations under this Lease shall be deemed to be joint and several, and all
notices, payments and agreements given or made by, with or to any one of such
individuals, corporations, partnerships or other persons shall be deemed to have
been given or made by, with or to all of them. In like manner, if Tenant shall
be a partnership or other legal entity, the members of which are, by virtue of
any applicable law or regulation, subject to personal liability, the liability
of each such member shall be joint and several.

         h) No Representations by Landlord. Landlord and Landlord's agents have
made no representations, agreements, conditions, warranties, understandings or
promises, either oral or written, other than as expressly set forth in this
Lease, with respect to this Lease, the Premises, and/or the Building.

         i) Relationship of Parties. This Lease shall not create any
relationship between the parties other than that of sub-landlord and subtenant.

-21-

j) Counterparts. This Lease may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and together shall
constitute one in the same instrument.

         k) Choice of Law. The terms of this Lease shall be construed under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its internal
conflicts of law principles.

         l) Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in all provisions of
this Lease.

(Signature Page Follows)

-22-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease on the
day and date first above written.

                    LANDLORD:

                    UNITED BANK OF PHILADELPHIA, a Pennsylvania banking
                    corporation,

                    By: ____________________________________

                    Name: __________________________________

                    Title: ___________________________________

TENANT:

                    U. S. MORTGAGE BANKERS,
                    INC., a New Jersey corporation,

                    By: ____________________________________

                    Name: __________________________________

                    Title: ___________________________________

-23-

EXHIBIT A

                                    PREMISES

A-1

EXHIBIT B

                                    SUBLEASE

B-1

EXHIBIT C

PRIME LEASE

C-1

</EX-10>

<EX-31>
 6
 ex31-1.txt
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
                                                                  EXHIBIT (31.1)

                                 CERTIFICATIONS

I, Evelyn F. Smalls, Chief Executive Officer, certify that:

         1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United
Bancshares, Inc;

         2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report;

         3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

         4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have:

                  a)       designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                           caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                           designed under our supervision, to ensure that
                           material information relating to the registrant,
                           including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
                           known to us by others within those entities,
                           particularly during the period in which this annual
                           report is being prepared;

                  b)       evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
                           disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in
                           this annual report our conclusions about the
                           effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                           procedures as of the end of the period covered by
                           this report based on such evaluation; and

                  c)       disclosed in this annual report, any change in the
                           registrant's internal control over financial
                           reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
                           recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
                           quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
                           materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                           materially affect, the registrant's internal control
                           over financial reporting; and

         5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

                  a)       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
                           in the design or operation of internal control over
                           financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
                           adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
                           process, summarize and report financial information;
                           and

                  b)       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                           management or other employees who have a significant
                           role in the registrant's internal control over
                           financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2006          /s/__________________________________
                              Evelyn F. Smalls, Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 ex31-2.txt
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
                                                                  EXHIBIT (31.2)

                                 CERTIFICATIONS

     I, Brenda Hudson-Nelson, Chief Financial Officer, certify that:

         1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United
Bancshares, Inc;

         2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report;

         3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

         4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have:

                  a)       designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                           caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                           designed under our supervision, to ensure that
                           material information relating to the registrant,
                           including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
                           known to us by others within those entities,
                           particularly during the period in which this annual
                           report is being prepared;

                  b)       evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
                           disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in
                           this annual report our conclusions about the
                           effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                           procedures as of the end of the period covered by
                           this report based on such evaluation; and

                  c)       disclosed in this annual report, any change in the
                           registrant's internal control over financial
                           reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
                           recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
                           quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
                           materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                           materially affect, the registrant's internal control
                           over financial reporting; and

         5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

                  a)       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
                           in the design or operation of internal control over
                           financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
                           adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
                           process, summarize and report financial information;
                           and

                  b)       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                           management or other employees who have a significant
                           role in the registrant's internal control over
                           financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2006          /s/______________________________________
                              Brenda Hudson-Nelson, Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 ex32-1.txt
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT (32)(A)

                Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
      as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of United Bancshares, Inc. (the "Company")
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2005 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Evelyn F. Smalls,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350,
as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge and belief:

         (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

         (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company.

/s/ Evelyn F. Smalls

Evelyn F. Smalls
Chief Executive Officer
March 31, 2006

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 ex32-2.txt
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT (32) (B)

                Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
      as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of United Bancshares, Inc. (the "Company")
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2005 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Brenda M.
Hudson-Nelson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to the best of my knowledge and belief:

         (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

         (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company.

/s/ Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson

Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson
Chief Financial Officer
March 31, 2006

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 10
 united05proxy.txt
 EXHIBIT 99

URGENT
                          IMMEDIATE RESPONSE REQUESTED

October 20, 2005
Dear Shareholder:
     On behalf of the Board of Directors and  management  of United  Bancshares,
Inc., I am pleased to invite you to the 2005 Annual Meeting of  Shareholders  of
United  Bancshares,  Inc.  which is to be held on Monday,  November 14, 2005, at
9:00 A.M., local time, at the A.M.E First Episcopal District Headquarters,  3801
Market Street, 3rd Floor, Philadelphia,  PA 19104. Accompanying this letter is a
Notice of Meeting,  a Proxy Statement and a Proxy Card. Also  accompanying  this
letter is United  Bancshares,  Inc.'s Annual Report to its  shareholders for the
year 2004.
     Shareholders  who need  directions  to the  location of the Annual  Meeting
should call (215) 231-3670  between the hours of 8:30 A.M. and 4:30 P.M.,  local
time, on any business day.
     I urge you to read the enclosed  material  carefully and to complete,  sign
and mail promptly the proxy card accompanying this letter so that your vote will
be  counted.  A  self-addressed  stamped  envelope  is  enclosed  to return  the
completed proxy form. For your convenience, telephone and on-line voting are now
available. Please follow the instructions on the proxy card if you would like to
vote in this manner.
     The officers,  directors and staff of United Bank sincerely appreciate your
continuing support.

                                      Sincerely,
                                      /s/ Evelyn F. Smalls
                                      Evelyn F. Smalls
                                      President and Chief Executive Officer
Enclosures

UNITED BANCSHARES, INC.
                        30 South 15th Street, 12th Floor
                             Philadelphia, PA 19102
    NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 14, 2005

Dear Shareholders,

     The Annual Meeting of the Shareholders of United  Bancshares,  Inc. will be
held at 9:00 A.M., local time, on Monday,  November 14, 2005 at the A.M.E. First
Episcopal District Headquarters at 3801 Market Street, 3rd Floor,  Philadelphia,
PA 19104 for the following purposes:
          1. To re-elect One (1) Class B director to serve until the  expiration
     of his four (4) year term.

          2. To ratify the  appointment  of McGladrey and Pullen,  LLP as United
     Bancshares,  Inc.'s  independent  registered public accounting firm for the
     year 2005.
     In their  discretion,  the  proxies are  authorized  to act upon such other
matters as may  properly  come  before  the  meeting.  Reference  is made to the
accompanying  Proxy Statement for details with respect to the foregoing matters.
Only  shareholders  of record at the close of business on October 11, 2005,  who
hold  shares with voting  rights,  are  entitled to notice of and to vote at the
Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement  thereof.  Such  shareholders
may vote in person or by proxy.

                                   By Order of the Board of  Directors
                                   /s/ William B. Moore
                                   William B. Moore, Secretary

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
October 20, 2005

IMPORTANT NOTICE
     To assure your representation at the Annual Meeting, please complete, date,
sign,  and promptly  mail the  enclosed  Proxy Card in the return  envelope.  No
postage is necessary if mailed in the United States.  Any  shareholder  giving a
proxy has the power to revoke it at any time  prior to its use for any  purpose.
Shareholders  who are present at the meeting may  withdraw  their proxy prior to
its use for any purpose and vote in person.

ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                             United Bancshares, Inc.

                                 PROXY STATEMENT
                                  INTRODUCTION
Matters to be Considered at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders
     This  Proxy   Statement  is  being  furnished  to  shareholders  of  United
Bancshares,   Inc.  ("UBS"  or  "the   Corporation")   in  connection  with  the
solicitation of proxies by UBS for use at UBS' Annual Meeting of Shareholders to
be held on Monday,  November  14,  2005,  at 9:00 A.M.,  or any  adjournment  or
postponement  thereof  (the  "Annual  Meeting").  At  the  Annual  Meeting,  the
shareholders  will consider and vote upon (i) the re-election of one (1) Class B
director to serve until the  expiration of his four (4) year term;  and (ii) the
ratification of the appointment of McGladrey and Pullen,  LLP as the independent
registered  public  accounting  firm for UBS for the year 2005.  The proxies are
authorized  to  transact  such other  business as may  properly  come before the
Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement  thereof. The approximate date
upon which this Proxy  Statement and the Proxy are to be mailed to  shareholders
is October 20, 2005.  The address of the  executive  office of UBS is 30 S. 15th
Street, 12th Floor, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102.

Date, Time and Place of Annual Meeting
     The Annual Meeting will be held on Monday,  November 14, 2005, at 9:00 A.M.
local time, at the A.M.E.  First Episcopal  District  Headquarters,  3801 Market
Street, 3rd Floor, Philadelphia, PA 19104.

Record Date and Voting
     The Board of  Directors  of UBS has fixed the close of  business on October
11,  2005 as the record  date for  determining  holders of record of UBS' Common
Stock,  par value  $0.01  per  share,  entitled  to notice of and to vote at the
Annual  Meeting or any  adjournment  or  postponement  thereof.  Each  holder of
record,  of a voting share,  is entitled to one vote per share on the matters to
be considered at the Annual Meeting.
     The holders of a majority of the  outstanding  shares of UBS' Common Stock,
with voting  rights,  present  either in person or by proxy,  will  constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting.  As of October 11,
2005,  there were 876,921  shares of UBS' Common Stock  outstanding  with voting
rights.
     Shares represented by properly executed proxies will be voted in accordance
with  the  directions  indicated  in  the  proxies,  unless  such  proxies  have
previously  been  revoked.  Each  properly  executed  proxy on  which no  voting
directions are indicated will be voted in favor of the adoption of the proposals
recommended  by management of UBS, and in the  discretion of the proxy agents as
to any other matters which may properly come before the Annual Meeting.  A proxy
may be revoked by a shareholder  at any time prior to its use for any purpose by
giving written notice of such  revocation to William B. Moore,  the Secretary of
UBS,  at  the  executive  office  of  UBS  at 30 S.  15th  Street,  12th  Floor,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102 or by appearing in person at the Annual Meeting
and asking to  withdraw  the proxy  prior to its use for any purpose so that the
shareholder  can vote in person.  A later dated proxy  revokes an earlier  dated
proxy.
     UBS does not know at this time of any  business,  other than that stated in
this Proxy  Statement,  which will be presented for  consideration at the Annual
Meeting.  If any  unanticipated  business is properly  brought before the Annual
Meeting, the proxy agents will vote in accordance with their best judgment.

Other Matters
        UBS will bear the  entire  cost of  soliciting  proxies  for the  Annual
  Meeting.  In addition  to the use of the mail,  proxies  may be  solicited  by
  personal  interview,  telephone,  telefax  and  telegram,  by  the  directors,
  officers and employees of UBS and by UBS' wholly-owned  subsidiary United Bank
  of  Philadelphia  (the  "Bank").  Arrangements  have been made with  brokerage
  houses and other  custodians,  nominees and fiduciaries  for forwarding  proxy
  material  to  beneficial  owners of UBS'  Common  Stock held of record by such
  persons, and UBS will reimburse them for their expenses in doing so.

                 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS

     The  following  table sets forth  certain  information  known to UBS, as of
October 11, 2005(1), with respect to the only persons to UBS' knowledge, who may
be beneficial owners of more than 5% of UBS' Common Stock.

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

     Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  requires
that UBS'  directors  and executive  officers file reports of their  holdings of
UBS'  Common   Stock  with  the   Securities   and  Exchange   Commission   (the
"Commission").  Based on UBS' records and other information available to it, UBS
believes that the Commission's Section 16(a) reporting  requirements  applicable
to UBS' directors and executive officers were complied with for UBS' fiscal year
ended December 31, 2004.

                       UBS' AND BANK'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The Bylaws of UBS provide  that a Board of  Directors of not less than five
(5) and not more than  twenty-five  (25)  directors  shall manage UBS' business.
UBS'  Board,  as  provided  in the  bylaws,  is  divided  into four  classes  of
directors:  Class A,  Class B,  Class C and Class D, with  each  class  being as
nearly equal in number as possible.  The Board of Directors has fixed the number
of directors  at ten (10),  with three (3) members in Class A, one (1) member in
Class B,  four (4)  members  in Class C, and two (2)  members  in Class D.  (SEE
PROPOSAL 1--ELECTION OF DIRECTORS)
     Under UBS'  bylaws,  persons  elected by the Board of  Directors  to fill a
vacancy  on the Board  serve as  directors  for the  balance  of the term of the
director who that person succeeds.
     The Board of  Directors  of UBS and the Board of Directors of the Bank meet
when necessary.  The Executive  Committee of the Bank meets in those months when
the UBS Board of Directors  does not meet.  The Executive  Committees of UBS and
the Bank act in the  stead  of the  Boards  of  Directors  of UBS and the  Bank,
respectively,  and exercise the  authority and powers of the Boards of Directors
at  intervals  between  meetings  of the Boards of  Directors  insofar as may be
permitted by law and have  responsibility  for the  nomination of new directors.
The Asset and Liability  Management  Committee of the Bank's Board meets for the
purpose of managing and  monitoring  the Bank's  exposure to Bank's  independent
registered public accounting firm to review the results of the annual audit. The
Bank's  Compliance  Committee has been combined with the Bank's Audit  Committee
and addresses the Bank's  regulatory  compliance  matters.  UBS has a nominating
committee. UBS' Board of Directors does not have a Compensation Committee of the
Board since it has no employees.

Directors' Qualifications
     In considering  any  individual  nominated to be a director on UBS' and the
Bank's  Board of  Directors',  the Board of  Directors  considers  a variety  of
factors, including whether the candidate is recommended by executive management,
the  individual  professional  or personal  qualifications,  including  business
experience,   education  and  community  and   charitable   activities  and  the
individual's  familiarity  with  the  communities  in  which  UBS or the Bank is
located or is seeking to locate.

Procedures for Shareholder Nominations
     Section 3.4 of Article 3 UBS' bylaws provides that no shareholder  shall be
permitted  to nominate a  candidate  for  election  as a  director,  unless such
shareholder  shall  provide  to the  Secretary  of UBS  information  about  such
candidate as is equivalent to the information concerning candidates nominated by
the Board of Directors  that was  contained in the UBS Proxy  Statement  for the
immediately preceding Annual Meeting of shareholders in connection with election
of directors. Such information consists of the name, age, any position or office
held  with  UBS or the  Bank,  a  description  of any  arrangement  between  the
candidate and any other  person(s),  naming such persons pursuant to which he or
she was nominated as a director,  his/her principal  occupation for the five (5)
years prior to the meeting, the number of shares of UBS stock beneficially owned
by the  candidate and a description  of any material  transactions  or series of
transactions  to which UBS or the Bank is a party and in which the  candidate or
any  of his  affiliates  has a  direct  or  indirect  material  interest,  which
description  should specify the amount of the transaction and where  practicable
the amount of the candidates interest in the transaction. Such information shall
be provided in writing  not less than one hundred  twenty  (120) days before the
first  anniversary  preceding the annual  meeting of UBS'  shareholders.  The

2

Chairman of the Board of Directors is required to determine whether the director
nominations have been made in accordance with the provisions of the UBS' bylaws,
and if any  nomination is defective,  the  nomination and any votes cast for the
nominee(s) shall be disregarded.

Code of Conduct
       UBS has a Code of  Conduct  ("Code")  that  governs  the  conduct  of the
directors,  officers and  employees.  The Code  complies  with  requirements  of
Sarbanes  - Oxley  Act of 2002  and the  listing  standards  of  NASDAQ  and UBS
provides a copy of the Code to each  director,  officer  and  employee  and each
shareholder upon request.

Policy for Attendance at Annual Meetings

         Effective  with the Annual  Meeting in 2005,  UBS has  adopted a policy
requiring  all of its  directors  to attend UBS' annual  meeting.  At the annual
meeting held on November 23, 2004, nine (9) of UBS' ten (10) directors  attended
the meeting.

General Information about UBS' and Bank's Boards of Directors
     UBS' Board of Directors  meets when  necessary  and during 2004 held eleven
(11) meetings, including UBS' organization meeting. In 2004, the Bank's Board of
Directors  was scheduled to meet at least  monthly,  except in August and during
2004 held eleven (11) meetings.  The  independent  directors of the UBS' and the
Bank's Board of Directors will hold regularly  scheduled executive sessions on a
regular basis, but, in any event, not less than twice a year.

Information about the Committees of UBS' Board of Directors
     The  Committees  of UBS' Board of Directors  are the  Executive  Committee,
Audit/Compliance Committee, and the Nominating Committee.

Information about UBS' Executive Committee

     The  Executive  Committee,  comprised of L.  Armstead  Edwards  (Chairman),
Steven L. Sanders  (Vice-Chairman),  Angela M. Huggins, William B. Moore, Evelyn
F. Smalls, and Marionette Y. Wilson (Frazier) meets, when necessary, at the call
of the  Chairman,  and to  exercise  the  authority  and powers of UBS' Board of
Directors at intervals between meetings of the Board of Directors insofar as may
be permitted by law. The Executive  Committee  held eleven (11) meetings  during
2004.

Information about UBS' Audit/Compliance Committee and Financial Expert
     The  Audit/Compliance  Committee of UBS' Board of Directors(1) is comprised
of  Angela M.  Huggins  (Chairman),  Joseph T.  Drennan,  L.  Armstead  Edwards,
Marionette Y. Wilson (Frazier) and William B. Moore, meets when necessary at the
call of the Chairman.  The Committee  meets with the internal  auditor to review
audit  programs  and the results of audits of specific  areas,  as well as other
regulatory  compliance  issues.  In  addition,  the  Committee  meets  with UBS'
independent  registered  public  accountants to review the results of the annual
audit and other related  matters.  Each member of the Committee is "independent"
as defined in the applicable  listing  standards of the National  Association of
Securities Dealers ("NASDAQ"). The Committee held six (6) meetings during 2004.
     Each  member  of  the   Audit/Compliance   Committee  is  independent   and
financially literate as defined by NASDAQ. The Board of Directors of the Company
and the Bank has determined that Joseph T. Drennan is the "Financial Expert," as
defined in the SEC's regulations.
     The  Compliance  Committee  was combined  with the Audit  Committee  and is
comprised  of the same  members.  On a quarterly  basis  compliance  matters are
addressed to include the review of  regulatory  compliance  matters,  the Bank's
compliance programs and the CRA Act activities.

Information About UBS' Nominating Committee
     The Nominating  Committee,  comprised of Angela M. Huggins  (Chairman),  L.
Armstead  Edwards and Ernest L. Wright,  meets at the call of the Chairman.  The
Committee is  responsible  for  considering  and  recommending  future  director
nominees to the Board of Directors of UBS and the Bank and the Committee will be
independent  and meet the  requirements  for  independence  of the NASDAQ  Stock
market. The Nominating Committee charter will be made available, without charge,
upon written request by the  shareholders  of UBS to the corporate  secretary of
UBS  and  the  charter  is  attached  to this  Proxy  Statement.  A copy of UBS'
Nominating  Committee Charter is attached as Exhibit B. A copy of the charter is
not available on UBS' website. The Committee held three (3) meetings in 2004.

3

Meetings of UBS' Board and its Committees
     The total number of meetings of UBS' Board of  Directors  that were held in
2004 was eleven (11). All of the incumbent directors,  who were directors during
2004 (i)  attended at least  seventy-five  percent  (75%) of the total number of
meetings  of the Board of  Directors,  except  William B.  Moore,  who  attended
sixty-seven percent (67%); and (ii) all directors attended at least seventy-five
percent  (75%) of the  aggregate  of the total  number of  meetings  held by all
committees of the Board on which the director  served,  except William B. Moore,
who attended sixty-seven percent (67%) of the Executive Committee meetings.

  Information about Committees of the Bank's Board of Directors
     The  Committees of the Bank's Board of Directors are the  Executive,  Asset
Liability Management, Audit/Compliance Committees and the Loan Committee.

Information about the Bank's Executive Committee

     The  Executive  Committee,  comprised of L.  Armstead  Edwards  (Chairman),
Steven L. Sanders  (Vice-Chairman),  Angela M. Huggins, William B. Moore, Evelyn
F. Smalls and  Marionette Y. Wilson meets,  when  necessary,  at the call of the
Chairman,  to discuss and  approve  certain  human  resource  matters  including
compensation,  to ratify and approve certain of the Bank's loans and to exercise
the authority  and powers of the Bank's Board of Directors at intervals  between
meetings  of the Board of  Directors  insofar as may be  permitted  by law.  The
Executive  Committee held eleven (11) meetings  during 2004. The Bank's Board of
Directors  does not  have a  Compensation  Committee;  the  Executive  Committee
performs that function.

Information about the Bank's Asset/Liability Committee

     The Asset Liability Management Committee,  comprised of Bernard E. Anderson
(Chairman),  L. Armstead Edwards, Angela M. Huggins, Evelyn F. Smalls and Ernest
L. Wright meets, when necessary,  at the call of the Chairman, and to review and
manage the Bank's  exposure to  interest  rate risk,  market risk and  liquidity
risk.  During 2004, the Asset and Liability  Management  Committee held five (5)
meetings.

Information about the Bank's Audit/Compliance Committee

     The  Audit/Compliance  Committee comprised of Angela M. Huggins (Chairman),
Joseph T. Drennan,  L. Armstead  Edwards,  William B. Moore,  and  Marionette Y.
Wilson meets at least quarterly.  The Audit/Compliance  Committee meets with the
internal  auditor to review audit programs and the results of audits of specific
areas,  as  well  as  other  regulatory  compliance  issues.  In  addition,  the
Audit/Compliance  Committee meets with the Bank's independent  registered public
accountants to review the results of the annual audit and other related matters,
with the internal  auditor to review audit programs and the results of audits of
specific areas, as well as other regulatory  compliance  issues.  Each member of
the  Audit/Compliance  Committee is  "independent"  as defined in the applicable
listing  standards  of the  National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers.  The
Committee held six (6) meetings during 2004.
     The  Compliance  Committee  is  combined  with the Audit  Committee  and is
comprised  of the same  members.  On a quarterly  basis  compliance  matters are
addressed to include the review of  regulatory  compliance  matters,  the Bank's
compliance programs and the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) activities.

Information about the Bank's Loan Committee

     The Loan Committee,  comprised of David R. Bright  (Chairman),  L. Armstead
Edwards,  Evelyn F. Smalls, and Ernest Wright meets when necessary to review and
approve  loans  that are  $200,000  and over and to discuss  other  loan-related
matters. During 2004, the Loan Committee held eleven (11) meetings.  Meetings of
Bank's Board and its Committees
     The total  number of meetings of the Bank's  Board of  Directors  that were
held in 2004 was eleven  (11).  All  incumbent  directors  (i) attended at least
seventy-five  percent  (75%) of the  total  number of  meetings  of the Board of
Directors,  except William B. Moore, who attended sixty-seven percent (67%); and
(ii) attended at least seventy-five  percent (75%) of the aggregate of the total
number of meetings  held by all  committees  of the Board on which the  director
served,  except William B. Moore, who attended  sixty-seven percent (67%) of the
Executive Committee meetings.

                        BOARDS OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION
Directors Fees
     The normal non-officer director fee paid by the Bank is Three Hundred Fifty
Dollars  ($350)  for  attending  each  of the  Board  meeting  and  One  Hundred
Seventy-five  Dollars  ($175) per quarter for  attending the Board of Directors'
Committee

4

meetings.  Directors' fees are not paid to officer  directors for attending Bank
Board  of  Directors  or  Committee  meetings.  UBS does not pay any fees to any
directors for attending UBS' Board of Directors or Committee meetings. Effective
April  1,  2002,  the  Board  of  Directors  elected  to  waive  all fees for an
indefinite period of time.

             BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ABOUT CORPORATION'S DIRECTORS

     The following table sets forth certain biographical information. Other than
as indicated  below,  each of the persons named below has been employed in their
present principal occupation for the past five years.

Age as of
Name, Principal Occupation and                                                        October 11,   Director
Business Experience For Past Five Years                                                   2005      Since(7)
- ----------------------------------------                                                  ----      --------

CONTINUING DIRECTORS
Class A
The terms of the following directors expire in 2008:
1. L. Armstead Edwards                                                                     63         1993
                Owner and President, Edwards Entertainment, Inc.
                Philadelphia, PA from 1978 until the present time
2. Marionette Y. Wilson (Frazier)                                                          60         2000
                  Retired, formerly Co-Founder/Partner, John Frazier, Inc.,
                  Philadelphia, PA from 1981 -  2002
3. Ernest L. Wright                                                                        77         1993
                   Founder, President and CEO of Ernest L. Wright
                   Construction Company, Philadelphia, PA from 1976 until 2000

                    DIRECTOR STANDING FOR ELECTION
Class B
The terms of the following directors expire in 2009:
1. Ahsan M. Nasratullah
         President, JNA Capital, Inc. Philadelphia, PA from April 1994                     48         2004
         to present

CONTINUING DIRECTORS
Class C
The terms of the following directors expire in 2006:
1. Bernard E. Anderson                                                                     67         2002
              Professor of Management/Practicing Economist at the
         Wharton
         School, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA

2. David R. Bright                                                                         66         2002
         Retired, Executive Vice President, Meridian Bancorp
         Philadelphia, PA

3. Steven L. Sanders                                                                       45         2002
               President, First Genesis/CFG
               Newtown Square, PA
4.  Joseph T. Drennan
                 Chief Financial  Officer,  Universal  Capital  Management Inc.            60         2004
                 Wilmington, DE

CONTINUING DIRECTORS
Class D
The terms of the following directors expire in 2007:
1. William B. Moore                                                                        63         1993
         Pastor Tenth Memorial Baptist Church, Philadelphia, PA since
         1971 and Deputy Executive Director, Philadelphia Parking
                    Authority from 2000 to present

2. Evelyn F. Smalls                                                                        60         2000

5

President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank and UBS
         Since June of 2000; Senior Vice President of the Bank from
         October 1993 to May 2000

Footnote Information Concerning Directors
(7)  Reference  to service on the  Boards of  Directors  refers to the Bank only
     prior to 1993 and to the Bank and UBS since 1993.
(8)  Angela M. Huggins retired from the board in 2005 upon expiration of her
     term.

6

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF STOCK BY DIRECTORS, NOMIMEES AND EXECUTIVES
     The following  table lists the  beneficial  ownership of shares of the UBS'
Common Stock as of October 11, 2005 for each of the UBS' director,  nominees and
executive  officers.  The table also shows the total  number of shares of Common
Stock  ownership by the director,  nominees and  executive  officers of UBS as a
group.

Name                                          Common            Percent of
                                         Stock(9,10,11)     Outstanding Stock
Current Directors                        --------------     -----------------
L. Armstead Edwards......................     10,833             1.0138%
Marionette Y. Wilson (Frazier)...........     17,900             1.6751%
Ernest L. Wright.........................     7,084                 *
Bernard E. Anderson......................      850                  *
David R. Bright..........................      850                  *
Joseph T. Drennan........................      783                  *
Ahsan M. Nasratullah.....................      833                  *
Steven L. Sanders........................     1,000                 *
William B. Moore.........................     1,834                 *
Evelyn F. Smalls.........................      500                  *

(9)  Stock  ownership  information is given as of October 11, 2005, and includes
     shares that the individual has the right to acquire (other than by exercise
     of stock  options)  within  sixty (60) days of  October  11,  2005.  Unless
     otherwise  indicated,  each director and each such named executive  officer
     holds sole voting and investment power over the shares listed.
(10) The  number of shares  "beneficially  owned"  in each case  includes,  when
     applicable,  shares  owned  beneficially,  directly or  indirectly,  by the
     spouse or minor  children of the  director,  and shares  owned by any other
     relatives of the director residing with the director. None of the directors
     holds title to any shares of UBS of record that such  director does not own
     beneficially.
(11) UBS does not know of any  person  having or  sharing  voting  power  and/or
     investment  power  with  respect to more than 5% of the UBS'  Common  Stock
     other than Wachovia  Corporation  (formerly  First Union  Corporation)  and
     Philadelphia  Municipal  Retirement  System.  (SEE  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF
     CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS.)

Certain Executive Officers
Evelyn F. Smalls.........................     500**                 *
Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson..................       50                  *
All Current Directors and Executive
Officers as a Group .....................    42,517             3.9788% ***
- ------------------
 Footnotes Concerning Beneficial Ownership of Stock
*       Less than one percent.
**   Ms. Smalls is also a Director; see listing above.
***  Calculated  by adding the Common Stock owned plus  exercisable  options and
     dividing by the actual  number of shares  outstanding  on October 11, 2005,
     plus the shares subject to the exercisable option.

UBS' AND BANK'S EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
     The  following  table sets forth  certain  information  with respect to the current executive officers of UBS and the Bank as
of October 11, 2005:
                                                                                                                     UBS Stock
      Name, Principal Occupation and           Age as of    Office with the UBS and/or Bank                         Beneficially
                                                            -------------------------------
   Business Experience For Past 5 Years    October 11, 2005                                                            Owned
   -------------------------------------   ----------------                                                            -----

Evelyn F. Smalls(12,13)                           60        President and Chief Executive Officer and                   500
                                                            Director of UBS and Bank
Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson(14)                       43        Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer         50
                                                            of UBS and Bank

7

- ------------------
Footnote Information Concerning Executive Officers
(12) Ms.  Smalls  was elected as a director and was  appointed as President  and
     Chief Executive  Officer in June 2000. Prior to that, Ms. Smalls was Senior
     Vice President of Human  Resources and Compliance  from October 1993 to May
     2000.
(13) The President and Chief Executive Officer, currently Evelyn F. Smalls, acts
     as  Trustee  of certain  voting  trust  agreements  (the  "Voting  Trusts")
     pursuant to which Fahnstock,  Inc deposited 5,209 shares of Common Stock of
     UBS,  to be voted by the  current  president  and chief  executive  officer
     pursuant to the terms of the Voting  Trusts.  The term of the Voting Trusts
     is ten (10) years.
(14) Ms.  Hudson-Nelson  was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
     Officer in June 2000. Prior to that, Ms.  Hudson-Nelson  was Vice President
     and   Controller   from  January  1992  to  May  2000.  In  May  2002,  Ms.
     Hudson-Nelson was promoted to Executive Vice President.

                             EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
General Disclosure Considerations Concerning Executive Compensation
     UBS believes  that its  shareholders  should be provided  clear and concise
information  about the compensation of the Bank's executives and the reasons the
Bank's  Board  of  Directors15   made  decisions   concerning   their  executive
compensation,  consistent with the Commission's proxy statement disclosure rules
regarding disclosure of executive compensation.
     The format and  content of the  information  set forth below is intended to
enable UBS' shareholders to understand the rationale and criteria for the Bank's
executive   compensation  programs  and  the  compensation  paid  to  the  named
executives and its other executives and key employees.
     UBS  welcomes  shareholder  comment on whether  the  objective,  to provide
information to UBS'  shareholders  that is useful and clearly  stated,  has been
met.  Please  send any  comments or  suggestions  for  further  improvements  in
disclosure to William B. Moore, the Secretary of UBS, at the executive office of
UBS, 30 South 15th Street, 12th Floor, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102.

Executive Compensation
     The  following  information  relates to all plan and non-plan  compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to (i) Evelyn F. Smalls,  the President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Bank, and (ii) Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson,  Executive Vice
President  and Chief  Financial  Officer of the Bank,  the only persons who were
serving as executive  officers of the Bank at December 31, 2004 (Ms.  Smalls and
Ms.  Hudson-Nelson  are hereinafter  sometimes  collectively  referred to as the
"Named  Executive  Officers").  Any  compensation  earned by the Named Executive
Officers  during  2004 will be  reported  in the proxy  statement  for UBS' 2005
Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
     UBS'  executives  are not  compensated  for their  services  to UBS rather,
because the Bank is the principal  subsidiary of UBS,  they are  compensated  as
officers of the Bank.

Summary Compensation Table
     The disclosure regarding the compensation of the Bank's executives includes
the following table that sets forth the compensation paid to the Named Executive
Officers during the last three (3) fiscal years.

- ------------------
Footnote Information Concerning Executive Compensation
(15) Amounts  are  not  included  in the  Bonus,  Stock  Option  and  All  Other
     Compensation  columns of the table because no  compensation  of this nature
     was paid by UBS or the Bank and the  restricted  stock awards and long term
     incentive payouts columns are not included in the Compensation  Table since
     these benefits are not made available by UBS or the Bank.
(16) The  Commission's  compensation  disclosure  rules  require the use,  where
     applicable, of a series of tables to describe various types of compensation
     paid to the specified  executive  officers.  The use of a specific table or
     column  in a  table  is  not  required  by  the  Commission's  rules  if no
     compensation was paid or awarded to the named  executives.  Only the tables
     or columns  required to be used by the Commission's  rules,  because of the
     compensation paid to the specified  executive  officers,  have been used in
     this Proxy Statement.

8

Executive Employment Agreements
     The Bank entered into a new  Employment  Agreement with Evelyn F. Smalls in
November 2004 to continue to serve as the Bank's  President and Chief  Executive
Officer.  The term of the  Employment  Agreement  is  three  (3)  years,  unless
extended or  terminated.  The Employment  Agreement  provides for an annual base
salary  of  $160,000  that  may be  increased,  but  not  decreased.  Under  her
Employment  Agreement,  Ms. Smalls has an  opportunity to receive an annual cash
bonus based on performance  targets specified in the Employment  Agreement which
are based on the annual earnings of the Bank.
     The  Bank  entered  into  a  new   Employment   Agreement  with  Brenda  M.
Hudson-Nelson in November 2004 to continue to serve as the Bank's Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer.  The term of the Employment  Agreement is
three (3)  years,  unless  extended  or  terminated.  The  Employment  Agreement
provides for an annual base salary of $115,000  that may be  increased,  but not
decreased.  Under her Employment Agreement, Ms. Hudson-Nelson has an opportunity
to receive an annual cash bonus based on  performance  targets  specified in the
Employment Agreement which are based on the annual earnings of the Bank.

Long Term Incentive Stock Option Plan
     One hundred thousand shares (100,000) of UBS' Common Stock are subject to a
Long Term  Incentive  Compensation  Plan (the  "Plan")  under  which  options to
purchase  UBS' Common Stock may be granted to key  employees at a price not less
than the fair market  value  thereof at the date of the grant  ("Options"),  and
Common Stock may be awarded as Restricted Stock, subject for a period of time to
substantial  risk of forfeiture and restrictions on disposition as determined by
the  Executive  Committee  of the UBS Board of  Directors  as of the date of the
grant ("Restricted Stock").  Pursuant to the Plan, options are granted in tandem
with Stock  Appreciation  Rights  ("SARs")  allowing  the holder of an Option to
surrender the Option and receive an amount equal to the  appreciation  in market
value of a fixed  number of shares of Common Stock from the date of the grant of
the  Option.  SARs may be payable in Common  Stock or cash or a  combination  of
both. The Plan also allows the Executive Committee of the UBS Board of Directors
to grant  performance  shares,  which are  contingent  rights to  receive,  when
certain  performance  criteria have been  attained,  amounts of Common Stock and
cash  determined  by the  Executive  Committee of the UBS Board of Directors for
such an award. Such rights are subject to forfeiture or reduction if performance
goals  specified  are not met during the  performance  period.  No such options,
restricted  stock  or SARs  were  granted  for  2004  performance.  No  deferred
compensation, incentive compensation or any further compensation pursuant to any
plan has been paid by the Bank, or will be paid by the Bank.

Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP")
     At its Annual  Shareholders  Meeting held May 6, 1994, the  shareholders of
UBS approved the establishment of an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP"). The
ESOP has not been  formally  activated  by UBS.  No  purchases  have  been  made
pursuant to the ESOP.

Audit Committee Report
     In connection with the preparation and filing of UBS' Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, the Audit  Committee (i) reviewed and
discussed the audited financial statements with UBS' management,  (ii) discussed
with McGladrey and Pullen,  LLP, UBS' independent  registered  public accounting
firm,  the matters  required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing  Standards
No. 61 (as modified or supplemented),  (iii) discussed the independence of Grant
Thornton LLP with  McGladrey and Pullen,  LLP, and (iv) has received the written
disclosures  and the letter from Grant  Thornton  LLP  required by  Independence
Standards  Board  Standard  No. 1 (as  modified or  supplemented).  Based on the
review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the
Board of Directors  that the audited  financial  statements  be included in UBS'
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2004.

     UBS' Audit Committee is composed of Angela M. Huggins (Chairman), Joseph T.
Drennan,  L. Armstead  Edwards,  William B. Moore,  and Marionette Y. Wilson who
each endorsed this report.

                                            Respectfully submitted:
                                            /s/ Angela M. Huggins
                                            ---------------------
                                            Angela M. Huggins (Chairman)
                                            Joseph T. Drennan
                                            L. Armstead Edwards
                                            William B. Moore
                                            Marionette Y. Wilson (Frazier)

                                       9

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
     Some of the  directors  of the Bank and the  companies  with which they are
associated were customers of, and had banking  transactions with the Bank in the
ordinary  course of its business  during 2004. All loans and commitments to lend
were  made on  substantially  the  same  terms,  including  interest  rates  and
collateral,  as those  prevailing at the time for comparable  transactions  with
other persons. In the opinion of Bank management,  the loans and commitments did
not  involve  more  than a  normal  risk  of  collectability  or  present  other
unfavorable features.

Directors' Independence
     The Boards of Directors of UBS and the Bank have determined that all of its
members are independent and meet the requirements for independence of the NASDAQ
Stock market ("NASDAQ"),  except for Evelyn F. Smalls, because Ms. Smalls is the
President  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of the UBS and the  Bank,  she is not
independent as defined by NASDAQ.

Communicating with the Board of Directors
      Shareholders  may communicate with any UBS or Bank director or member of a
Committee  of the Board of  Directors  of UBS or the Bank by  writing  to United
Bancshares,  Inc., Attention:  Board of Directors, P.O. Box 54212, Philadelphia,
PA 19105.  The written  communications  will be provided to William D. Moore,  a
director and Corporate  Secretary of the Board of Directors,  who will determine
the further  distribution of the  communications  which are appropriate based on
the nature of the  information  contained  in the  communications.  For example,
communications concerning accounting internal controls and auditing matters will
be shared with the Chairman of the  Audit/Compliance  Committee of UBS' Board of
Directors.

10

PROPOSAL 1
                              ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
                           (Item 1 on the Proxy Card)

Nominees for Directors
     The following person has been nominated by UBS' Board of Directors for
election as directors to serve as follows:

         Class B - Term Expires in 2009
         ------------------------------
         (1)  Ahsan M. Nasratullah

         and until his successor is elected and takes office.
     The persons named as proxies in the accompanying form of proxy have advised
UBS that, unless otherwise instructed, they intend at the meeting to vote the
shares covered by proxies for the election of the nominees named in this Proxy
Statement. If one or more of the nominees should, at the time of the Annual
Meeting, be unavailable or unable to serve as a director, the shares represented
by the proxies will be voted to elect any remaining nominee. The Board of
Directors knows of no reason why the nominees will be unavailable or unable to
serve as directors. UBS expects all nominees to be willing and able to serve as
directors.

     The affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of UBS' shares
of Common Stock entitled to vote present in person or by proxy at the Annual
Meeting is required for the election of the nominee for director. Proxies
solicited by the Board of Directors will be voted for the nominee listed above,
unless the shareholders specify a contrary choice in their proxies.

     The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the nominee listed above.

                  CHANGE OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
         On December 16, 2004, United Bancshares, Inc. ("UBS") dismissed Grant
Thornton, LLP as its independent registered public accounting firm and retained
McGladrey & Pullen, LLP ("McGladrey & Pullen"), Certified Public Accounts, as
its new independent registered public accounting firm on December 16, 2004 to
audit UBS' financial statements. The decision to change independent accountants
was made by the Audit Committee of UBS' Board of Directors, because of the costs
savings, which will be realized by appointing McGladrey & Pullen as its
independent accountants to audit UBS' financial statements.

         The independent registered public accounting firm report issued by
Grant Thornton, LLP on the financial statements of UBS for the two years ended
December 31, 2003 and 2002 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of
opinion, nor were they modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
principles, except that its report on UBS' financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2003, contained an explanatory paragraph indicating that
substantial doubt exists about UBS' ability to continue as a going concern.

         The decision to change independent public accountants was made by the
Audit Committee of UBS' Board of Directors on December 16, 2004.

         During each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003 and
subsequent interim periods through December 16, 2004, there were no
disagreements between UBS and Grant Thornton, LLP on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or
procedure, which disagreement (s), if not resolved to the satisfaction of Grant
Thornton, LLP would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of
the disagreement (s) in connection with its reports; and there were no
"reportable events" as that term is used in Item 304 (a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K occurring within UBS two (2) most recent fiscal years and the subsequent
interim periods through December 16, 2004.

         UBS has provided Grant Thornton, LLP with a copy of the foregoing
disclosures and has requested that Grant Thornton, LLP review such disclosures
and furnish a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating
whether Grant Thornton, LLP agree with such statements. A copy of Grant Thornton
LLP's letter response to such request is attached as Exhibit 16 to UBS' Form 8-K
filed with the Commission on December 22, 2004.

     The Audit Committee of the Board of UBS engaged McGladrey & Pullen as its
new independent public accountants to audit UBS' financial statements as of
December 16, 2004, for the fiscal year ended December 1, 2004 and until a new
independent public accounting firm is appointed by UBS' Board of Directors.
During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003 and subsequent interim
periods through December 16, 2004, neither UBS or any one on UBS' behalf has
consulted with McGladrey & Pullen regarding (i) the application of accounting
principles to a specific transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type
of audit opinion that might be rendered on UBS' financial statement, or (ii) any

11

matter that was either the subject of a disagreement as that term is used in
Item 304 (a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions to Item 304
of Regulation S-K.
                            AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES
      The following table presents the fees billed for professional services for
each of the last two fiscal years by UBS' independent registered accounting
firms by category:

          McGladrey and Pullen, LLP:          2004            2003
                                            --------        --------

          Audit Fees                        $ 62,500             $--
          Audit-related fees                                      --
          Tax fees                                --              --

          All other fees                                          --
                                            --------        --------
             Total fees                     $ 62,500        $     --
                                            ========        ========

Grant Thornton LLP:                 2004            2003
                                            --------        --------
            Audit Fees                      $   --          $ 83,500
            Audit-related fees                15,750          15,750
            Tax fees                           8,000           7,000
            All other fees                      --              --
                                            --------        --------
             Total fees                     $ 23,750        $106,250
                                            ========        ========

The Audit Committee pre-approves all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for
UBS by its independent auditor, subject to the minimum exceptions for non-audit
services described in Section 10A (i) (1) (B) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 which are approved by the Committee prior to the completion of the audit.
The Audit Committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting
of one or more members when appropriate, including the authority to grant
pre-approvals of audit and permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions
of such subcommittee to grant pre-approvals shall be presented to the full Audit
Committee at its next scheduled meeting.

     The Audit Committee of UBS' Board of Directors has considered whether the
provision of the non-audit services is compatible with maintaining the
independence of McGladrey and Pullen LLP.

                                   PROPOSAL 2
                         RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF
                  INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
                           (Item 2 on the Proxy Card)

      The firm of McGladrey and Pullen LLP has been appointed by the Board of
Directors to serve as UBS' independent registered public accounting firm for the
fiscal year beginning January 1, 2005. The Board of Directors of UBS is
requesting shareholder approval of the appointment. A representative of the firm
will be present at the meeting to answer questions and will have the opportunity
to make a statement, if he so desires. The firm is presently serving UBS and the
Bank, as their independent registered public accounting firm. Management
recommends approval of this appointment. If the appointment is not approved by a
majority of the shares of Common Stock of UBS present in person or by proxy and
entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, the appointment of the independent
registered public accounting firm will be reconsidered by the Board of
Directors.

     The resolution being voted on is as follows:

             RESOLVED, that the shareholders of UBS ratify and confirm the
             appointment of McGladrey and Pullen LLP as UBS' independent
             registered public accounting firm for the year 2005.

     The ratification of the selection of the independent certified public
accountants requires the affirmation by vote of at least a majority of the
outstanding voting shares of Common Stock of UBS present in person or by proxy
and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Proxies solicited by the Board of
Directors will be voted for the foregoing resolution, unless shareholders
specify a contrary choice in their proxies.

     The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the resolution ratifying the
appointment of McGladrey and Pullen LLP as UBS' independent registered public
accounting firm for the year 2005.

12

ADJOURNMENT

     If sufficient votes in favor of any of the proposals set forth herein are
not received by the time scheduled for the meeting, the persons named as proxies
may propose one or more adjournments of the meeting for two (2) periods of not
more than fifteen (15) days in the aggregate to permit further solicitation of
proxies with respect to any such proposal. Any adjournment will require the
affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the question in person or by
proxy at the session of the meeting to be adjourned. The persons named as
proxies will vote in favor of such adjournment those proxies that they are
entitled to vote in favor of such proposals. They will vote against any such
adjournment those proxies required to be voted against any such proposals. UBS
will pay the costs of any additional solicitation and of any adjournment
session.
                                  OTHER MATTERS

     The Board of Directors knows of no other business to be brought before the
meeting. However, if any other matters come before the meeting, it is the
intention that the proxies that do not contain specific restrictions to the
contrary will be voted on such matters in accordance with the judgement of the
persons named on the enclosed form of proxy.

                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The consolidated financial statements of UBS are not set forth in this
Proxy Statement. However, they are contained in the accompanying Annual Report
of UBS for the year ended December 31, 2004.

                                 OTHER BUSINESS

     Management does not know at this time of any other matters that will be
presented for action at the Annual Meeting. If any unanticipated business is
properly brought before the meeting, the proxies will vote in accordance with
their best judgment.

                         SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2006

     UBS' Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on or about November 14,
2006. Any shareholder desiring to submit a proposal to UBS for inclusion in the
proxy and proxy statement relating to that meeting must submit such proposal or
proposals in writing to UBS before June 22, 2006. It is suggested that the
proposal or proposals be submitted by certified mail-return receipt requested to
the attention of William B. Moore, the Secretary of UBS, at the executive office
of UBS, 30 S. 15th Street, 12th Floor, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102.

                             ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

     A copy of UBS' Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004,
containing, among other things, financial statements examined by its independent
registered public accountants, was mailed with this Proxy Statement on or about
October 20, 2005 to the shareholders of record as of the close of business on
October 11, 2005.

     Upon written request of any shareholder, a copy of UBS' Annual Report on
Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2004, including the financial
statements and schedules thereto, required to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission may be obtained, without charge, from UBS' Secretary,
William B. Moore, at the executive office of UBS, 30 S. 15th Street,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102.
                                              By Order of the Board
                                              of Directors of
                                              United Bancshares, Inc.

                                              /s/ William B. Moore

                                              William B. Moore, Secretary

EXHIBIT A
                             UNITED BANCSHARES, INC.
                             AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER

The purpose of the Audit Policy of United Bancshares, Inc., (the "Bank") is to
formally establish and provide guidance for the independent audit function,
which complies with regulatory requirements. The function is in accordance with
the Interagency Policy Statement on Internal Auditing. Since this function with
the Bank is outsourced, an engagement letter is obtained that sets forth
adherence to the Interagency Policy Statement.

The Internal Auditor, The Outsourcing Partnership, will report directly to the
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. In addition, the Internal Auditor
will attend the Audit Committee meeting quarterly to report on audits and to
keep abreast of the Written Agreement.

13

The following will accomplish the purpose of the roles and responsibilities of
the independent audit function:

AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER
The Audit Committee of the Bank is a standing committee of the Board of
Directors that has established a comprehensive Audit Charter setting forth the
following: membership requirements, roles and responsibilities regarding
internal controls and financial reporting, compliance with laws and regulations,
code of conduct, internal audit, external audit, meetings and reporting. The
Audit Charter is enclosed.

AUDIT RISK ASSESSMENT PLAN
The Audit Committee will obtain from the auditor an audit risk assessment and
internal audit plan that will set forth the frequency of the audits to be
performed which will be reported to and monitored by the Audit Committee. The
audits will be conducted in accordance with standards established by the
Institute of Internal Audit Standards and the auditor will be evaluated
periodically by the Audit Committee relative to the completion of the Plan. The
auditor will obtain approval from the Audit Committee if the Audit Plan is
adjusted. Audit findings as well as appropriate follow-up will be reported to
the Audit Committee. The Chairman of the Audit Committee will make a report to
the full board.

MISSION STATEMENT
The Audit Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors to assist the Board
in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities. The Audit Committee's primary
duties and responsibilities are to:

o           Monitor the integrity of the Bank's financial reporting process and
            systems of internal controls regarding finance, accounting, risk
            management and regulatory compliance.

o           Monitor the independence and performance of the Bank's independent
            auditors and internal auditing program.

o           Provide an avenue of communication among the independent auditors,
            management, the internal auditing department and the Board of
            Directors.

To effectively perform his or her role, each Committee member will obtain an
understanding of the detailed responsibilities of Audit Committee membership.

ORGANIZATION
The Audit Committee of United Bancshares, Inc. (the "Committee"), defined to
include the holding company and other subsidiaries is appointed by the
Corporation's Board of Directors. The Committee is composed of at least three
independent Directors. One of the members of the Committee has been designated
its Chairman. The Committee is designated by the Board to oversee the audit
affairs of the Corporation, Bank and subsidiaries to perform such specific audit
function reviews as may be determined by the Committee.

Each committee member will be both independent and financially literate. No
committee member shall simultaneously serve on the audit committees of more than
two other public companies. The Committee will meet quarterly and hold
additional meetings, as the Chairman shall require in order to satisfy its
duties and responsibilities.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Internal Control

o           Evaluate whether management is setting the appropriate tone at the
            top by communicating the importance of internal control and ensuring
            that all individuals possess an understanding of their roles and
            responsibilities;

o           Gain an understanding of whether internal control recommendations
            made by internal and external auditors have been implemented by
            management; and

o           Ensure that the external auditors and internal auditors keep the
            Audit Committee informed about fraud, illegal acts, deficiencies in
            internal control, and certain other matters.

FINANCIAL REPORTING
General

o           Review and report to the full board significant accounting and
            reporting issues, including recent professionals and regulatory
            pronouncements, and understand their impact on the financial
            statements; and

14

o           Discuss with management and the internal and external auditors
            significant risks and exposures and the plans to minimize such
            risks.

Annual Financial Statements

o           Review and report to the full board the annual financial statements
            and determine whether they are complete and consistent with the
            information known to Committee members, and assess whether the
            financial statements reflect appropriate accounting principles;

o           Focus on judgmental areas such as those involving valuation of
            assets and liabilities, including, for example, the accounting for
            and disclosure of loan losses; litigation reserves; and other
            commitments and contingencies;

o           Review with management and the external auditors to review the
            financial statements and the results of the audit: This review will
            include any restrictions on the scope of the independent auditor's
            activities or on access to requested information, and any
            significant disagreements with management.

            o           Consider management's handling of proposed audit
                        adjustments identified by the external auditors.

            o           Review the Annual Report and other sections of the form
                        10-K before its release consider whether the information
                        is adequate and consistent with Committee members'
                        knowledge about the company and its operations.

            o           Review disclosures made by CEO and CFO during the Forms
                        10-K and 10-Q certification process about significant
                        deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
                        controls or any fraud that involves management or other
                        employees who have a significant role in the Bank's
                        internal controls.

Interim Financial Statements

o           Be briefed on how management develops and summarizes quarterly
            financial the extent of external auditors review of quarterly
            financial information, and whether that review is performed on a
            pre- or post-issuance basis; and

o           To gain insight into the fairness of the interim statements and
            disclosures, obtain explanations from management and from the
            internal and external auditors regarding:

- -           Generally accepted accounting principals have been consistently
            applied;

- -           There are any actual or proposed changes in accounting or financial
            reporting practices;

- -           There are any significant or unusual events or transactions;

- -           The interim financial statements contain adequate and appropriate
            disclosures.

- -           The Allowance for Loan Losses ("ALLL") is adequate and in accordance
            with the Bank's policy.

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

o           Review and report to the full board the effectiveness of the system
            for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations and the results
            of management's investigation and follow-up (including disciplinary
            action) on any fraudulent acts or accounting irregularities;

o           Periodically obtain updates from internal compliance auditors
            regarding compliance; and

o           Review the findings of any examinations by regulatory agencies and
            any auditor observations.

Compliance with the Code of Conduct

o           Ensure that a code of conduct is formalized in writing and that all
            employees are aware of it;

o           Review the program for monitoring compliance with the code of
            conduct; and - Periodically obtain updates from management regarding
            compliance.

INTERNAL AUDIT

o           Review with management and the internal auditors the committee
            charter, audit schedule and approach, recommendation follow-up
            matrix, staffing and organizational structure of the internal audit
            function.

o           Ensure there are no unjustified restrictions or limitations, and
            review and concur in the appointment, replacement or dismissal of
            the chief audit executive.

15

o           Review the effectiveness of the internal audit function, including
            the audit risk assessment and compliance with internal audit policy
            and procedures manual.

o           On a periodic basis, meet separately with internal auditors to
            discuss any matters that the committee or internal auditors believe
            should be discussed privately.

EXTERNAL AUDIT

o           Review the external auditors' audit scope and approach, including
            coordination of audit effort with internal audit.

o           Review the performance of the external auditors, and exercise final
            approval on the appointment or discharge of the auditors. In
            performing this review, the committee will:

- -           At least annually, obtain and review a report by the independent
            auditor describing the firm's internal quality-control procedures;
            any material issues raised by the most recent internal
            quality-control review, or peer review, of the firm, or by any
            inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
            authorities, within the preceding five years, respecting one or more
            independent audits carried out by the firm, and any steps taken to
            deal with any such issues; and (to assess the auditor's
            independence) all relationships between the independent auditor and
            the Bank.

               -    Take into account the opinions of management and internal
                    audit.

               -    Review and evaluate the lead partner of the independent
                    auditor.

               -    Present its conclusions with respect to the external auditor
                    to the Board.

               -    Ensure the rotation of the lead audit partner every five
                    years and other audit partners every seven years, and
                    consider whether there should be regular rotation of the
                    audit firm itself.

               -    Present its conclusions with respect to the independent
                    auditor to the full Board.

               -    Set clear hiring policies for employees or former employees
                    of the independent auditors.

               -    On a regular basis, meet separately with the external
                    auditors to discuss any matters that the committee or
                    auditors believe should be discussed privately.

               -    Review and discuss with the independent accountants, as may
                    be required by law or regulation, (1) all critical
                    accounting policies and practices to be used; (2) all
                    alternative treatments of financial information within GAAP
                    that have been discussed with management, ramifications or
                    the use of such alternative disclosures and treatments, and
                    the treatment preferred by the independent accountant, and
                    (3) other material written communications between the
                    independent accountant and management, such as any
                    management letter or schedule of unadjusted differences.

               -    Review and confirm the independence of the external auditors
                    by reviewing the non-audit services provided and the
                    auditors' assertion of their independence in accordance with
                    professional standards.

OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES

o           Meet with the external auditors, regulatory examiners, lead internal
            auditor, and management in separate executive sessions to discuss
            any matters that the Committee or these groups believe should be
            discussed privately;

o           Ensure that significant findings and recommendations made by the
            internal and external auditors are received and discussed on a
            timely basis;

o           Perform other oversight functions as requested by the full Board;
            and

o           Review and assess the adequacy of the committee charter annually,
            requesting Board approval for proposed changes, and ensure
            appropriate disclosure as may be required by law or regulation.

REPORTING RESPONSIBILITIES

o           Regularly report to the Board of Directors about committee
            activities and issues that arise with respect to the quality or
            integrity of the Bank's financial statements, and Bank's compliance
            with legal or regulatory requirements, the performance and
            independence of the Bank's independent auditors, and the performance
            of the internal audit function.

o           Report annually to the shareholders, describing the committee's
            composition, responsibilities and how they were discharged, and any
            other information required by rule, including approval of non-audit
            services.

o           Review any other reports the Bank issues that relate to committee
            responsibilities.

16

Exhibit B

                             United Bancshares, Inc.

                          NOMINATING COMMITTEE CHARTER

The Nominating Committee (the "Committee") of United Bancshares, Inc. (the
"Company") is responsible for the selection, qualification and compensation of
Board members and candidates. The Committee acts as a nominating committee for
Director candidates and Board committee membership. The Committee assists the
Board with oversight of other corporate governance matters.

PURPOSE
The Committee shall consider and report periodically to the Board of Directors
on all matters relating to the selection, qualification, and compensation of
members of the Board and candidates nominated to the Board, as well as any other
matters relating to the duties of the members of the Board.

The Committee shall act as a nominating committee with respect to candidates for
Directors and will make recommendations to the full Board concerning the size of
the Board and structure of committees of the Board. The Committee shall also
assist the Board with oversight of corporate governance matters.

COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP
The Committee shall consist of at least three members. All members of the
Committee shall be "independent directors" as determined by the Board of
Directors pursuant to the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NASD
Listing Standards, and shall meet any other applicable standards of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, as they may from time to time be amended. New Committee Members will
receive appropriate training and orientation.

The members of the Committee shall be appointed by the Board, with one of the
members appointed as Committee Chair. Committee members may be appointed or
removed by a majority vote of the entire Board of Directors.

MEETINGS
The Committee shall meet as often as it determines, but not less frequently than
quarterly. A majority of the members shall constitute a quorum. Minutes of each
meeting will be taken and recorded.

COMMITTEE AUTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITIES

The Committee shall:

1.   Develop qualification criteria for members of the Board of Directors.

2.   Recommend to the Board the individuals to constitute the nominees of the
     Board of Directors for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders
     and who will be named as such nominees in the proxy statement used for
     solicitation of proxies by the Board.

3.   Recommend and nominate an individual for Director to fill the unexpired
     term of any vacancy existing in the Board of Directors or created by an
     increase in the size of the Board.

4.   Recommend and nominate members of standing Committees of the Board.

5.   Conduct an annual study of the size and composition of the Board of
     Directors and from time to time make recommendations to the Board for
     changes in the size of the Board.

6.   Recommend and nominate individuals for election as officers of the Company.

7.   Provide oversight of corporate governance matters to the Board.

8.   Develop and recommend to the Board the Corporate Governance Guidelines
     applicable to the Company. Review and reassess at least annually the
     adequacy of the Board's Charter and Corporate Governance Guidelines and
     make recommendations to the Board as appropriate.

9.   Recommend to the Board a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to
     employees, officers and directors of the Company and the process for
     consideration and disclosure of any requested waivers of such codes for
     directors or executive officers of the Company.

17

10.  Oversee annual performance evaluations of the Board of Directors.

11.  Oversee the orientation of new Directors.

12.  Review competitive practice data regarding non-employee director
     compensation and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the
     amount and form of such compensation

DELEGATION TO SUBCOMMITTEES

The Committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees when appropriate.

REPORTS TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Committee shall make regular reports to the Board of Directors.

OUTSIDE COUNSEL OR OTHER CONSULTANTS

In connection with its duties and responsibilities, the Committee shall have the
sole authority to retain outside legal, accounting or other advisors or director
candidate search firms to assist in fulfilling their responsibilities, including
the authority to approve the fees payable by the Company to such advisors and
other retention terms.

ANNUAL REVIEW OF THE CHARTER AND PERFORMANCE

The Committee shall annually review its performance. In addition, the Committee
shall review and reassess the adequacy of this Charter annually and recommend to
the Board any changes it considers necessary or advisable.

18

</EX-99>

